 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Pompadour (temp)
 Center Part Long (temp)
 Center Part Short (temp)
 Crew Cut (temp)
 Headband (temp)
 Long (temp)
 Man Bun (temp)
 Mohawk (temp)
 Mullet (temp)
 Neat (temp)
 Padawan (temp)
 Shag (temp)
 Short (temp)
 Skywalker (temp)
"BD-1, This may be the last you see of me. I can sense the doom of the Jedi Order is upon us. I must leave the holocron behind - if anything happens to me, I trust that another will come to find it. You agreed to guard this secret, at the cost of your own memories. I will never forget that sacrifice. I believe in you, as I always have. If another Jedi comes to Bogano, you will be their guide. Thank you. Goodbye, my friend."
"Despite my curiosity, it has become clear we must stop trying to break the monoliths. They are a waste of time. He won't let me, though, he insists we keep trying. He is relentless..."
"Eviction Notice| @ | @ Civilians must immediately report for relocation. Looters will be shot.| @ | @ In accordance with Imperial Code 94364: No Selling or Trading without proper authorization and explicit consent, this property and its belongings are now under the protection of the Galactic Empire.| @ | @ General Markon| @ 201st Squadron"
"Filias. Brother. I am sorry. You cannot stop me. I do not want to do it. But I am right. When I crack the cubes. You'll see. No more now, brother. No more.
"General Chiata, our forces have inflicted heavy damage to the Separatist Dreadnought. Unfortunately, the same is true for our vessel. You know I'm not one to back down from a fight. Despite the damage, I recommend we see this through. Together."| @ | @ -Clone Commander
"Grand Moff" Nohogg Defeated
"I brought the new roller mines to the others, and they were delighted. He has become interested in the planet's strange cubes, however, so I will need to split my attention. I admit, they are compelling..."
"I will crack them. I will dig in. Find their treasures. No matter what. I will get in."
"In accordance with the Emperor's will we've occupied Zeffo, "redistributing" its inhabitants. This planet has failed to yield significant data or relics for Project Auger. | @ Its electromagnetic winds have rendered the bulk of our mining technology useless. Meanwhile, more troopers lose their lives to dangerous fauna. | @ We will not be able to fulfill our directive here. It is my recommendation that we disband the project and leave a token outpost to keep scavengers from stealing our technology."
"My Friend, After my analysis of the architecture in Eilram's Tomb, I confirmed the Zeffo had contact with Kashyyyk! It's time to call on an old friend. There's a good chance Chieftain Tarfful can provide the information I seek."
"My Friend, Entering the Vault gave me a premonition just as it did for the Zeffo. I saw the fall of the Jedi, the overwhelming power of the dark side spreading across the galaxy! We must act quickly. I need to inform the Council!"
"My Friend, I believe this to be the earliest Zeffo site we've uncovered yet. Despite my reservations, I cannot chase the Bogano Vault from my mind. Its visions shaped the direction of an entire culture. I must understand why."
"My Friend, I finally found an intact representation of the most sacred Zeffo artifact. A depiction of Miktrull at the Vault on Bogano - you can see the object in their hand. I believe it allows a Force wielder to perceive the mysteries of the Vault. It is the key and the guide: the Zeffo Astrium! But who destroyed images of it and why? It requires further research, however the next step is clear: find an Astrium, if any still exist." 
"My Friend, I flew with all haste to Coruscant and presented my findings to the Council. Despite my persistence, despite my research, they do not take this threat seriously. Only one person believed in me. My old confidant, Jocasta Nu. She entrusted me with a holocron from the Jedi Archives - a secret copy of her list of young Force-sensitives."
"My Friend, I found my quarry atop Kashyyyk's Origin Tree: the Astrium. This relic is the key to the vault on Bogano. The dark side clouded every attempt at finding one on Dathomir, but the Force provided a new path!"
"My Friend, I recently discovered the Zeffo had some interest in Dathomir. Strange for such a culture to have any sort of fascination with a place so... dark. There's more to be discovered on Dathomir."
"My Friend, I've unearthed a curious artifact. An ancient sphere capable of storing and conducting massive amounts of energy. Whatever civilization crafted this must be the same that created the seemingly impenetrable structure nearby! I believe studying this sphere may yield the information I need to discover who they were and why they built such a landmark."
"My Friend, My name is Jedi Master Eno Cordova. The Bogano Vault - constructed by the Zeffo millennia ago - granted me a vision of the Jedi's doom. To preserve the Order, I've hidden a holocron detailing the names and locations of all known young Force-sensitives deep within the Vault. To access the holocron you must seek out the tombs of three great Zeffo Sages. BD-1 will aid you on your journey. He will be your guide."
"My Friend, Never have I seen a view more exquisite than atop this tree. The climb has given me time to reflect. It was the will of the Force that I found Bogano, and that I am here now. There is a greater journey ahead."
"My Friend, This tomb is utterly fascinating. It once served as a proving ground for Force-sensitive Zeffo sages, but was converted into a space to honor their remains. And yet nothing received greater honor here than the Force itself, the Life Wind, as they called it. It's beautiful to see."
"My Friend, as Tarfful led us here he spoke of a glorious creature called the Shyyyo Bird. He said the bird is the forest's protector. So rare it's nearly legendary. I would dearly love to research this creature further, but the Astrium must be my priority. I hope to one day return and search for the Shyyyo with Tarfful."
"My Friend, examinations of the sphere proved fruitful. I've found similar relics across Bogano's surface, including a precious few with glyphs! After much study, I've discerned a pattern and begun to translate their language. Within their glyphs, I've determined the words Sage, Vault, and Tomb. There is more: what appears to be coordinates to the Zeffo system! Perhaps this is the same ancient civilization which abounded there!"
"My Friend, these devices appear to simulate this planet's gravitational pull. I can't help but see it as a motif. This place, less a tomb and more a temple to one ruler's pride. I've found repeated glyphs with the same word: "Astrium." Always near damaged statues. I believe this Astrium was once a ubiquitous, sacred symbol. Perhaps even linked to the Vault."
"My Friend, we've reached the tomb of Kujet in search of an Astrium. It is more secluded than even I would've thought. It seems the way in was secret even during the time of the Zeffo. A contrast from the ostentatious Tomb of Miktrull... yet not a welcome one. The Nightsisters of Dathomir granted me passage, but even they warned me against these ruins. Something dark transpired here - I can feel it."
"My Friend, what I've found here is disconcerting. It seems these candles were offerings brought to this tomb in exaltation of the Sage Miktrull. At first I believed them votives to the Life Wind, but the further I delve into this tomb the less the evidence supports this. And yet there is one gift that intrigues me, statuary of Zeffo holding circular objects much like spheres. Though much of this tomb is well preserved, these are uniformly destroyed. An interesting puzzle."
"My friend, I have never been one to shy away from the pursuit of knowledge, but the shadow of the dark side lies heavy in this tomb. I've uncovered Kujet's legacy: a ruthless leader who destroyed the Astriums and lives of any who opposed the sage's rule. These Zeffo were once Kujet's enemies, brave rebels who stood against tyranny. F-forgive me. I've spent too many rotations on this planet. My mind is beginning to slip. I can go no further. I must return to Zeffo."
"My friend, in the rotations since I left Bogano I've uncovered more about the Zeffo than I once believed possible. This planet, their homeworld, has been a revelation! It appears many, yet not all the Zeffo could wield the Force! They called it the "Life Wind" and those who wielded it, sages. Three names appear with frequency: Eilram, Miktrull, Kujet. It seems these sages held esteemed positions within their culture. I've informed the Council, to lukewarm reception. They have become too focused on Jedi history, but the history of the Force belongs to us all."
"Onwards, Traveler..."
"Prince" Patren
"Prince" Patren
"The others dig too much. They damage the cubes. Enough. Enough. The spheres will stop them. They will stay away from the cubes. Or else."
"The others. Mindless prospectors. I will use their metals. Use their tools. Build my works. Hide my cubes.| @ | @ They cannot see my works."
"The outpost is small, but continuing to grow. The development means my knack for mechanics has attracted attention - I was asked to help. He did not want me to, but I did. I think by automating some of these sphere grenades, we could figure something out."
"These monoliths...I cannot figure them out, which is always compelling. The locals say some ancient treasure is hidden inside, but nobody has been able to crack them. He is much more interested than I am, however, which is becoming something of a concern."
"We will begin with physical preparation." - Jaro Tapal
'Grand Moff' Nohogg
'Prince' Wren
'When the way is blocked, flow as water does.' (temp)
(Can be changed any time in the game menus.)
(Cannot be changed in combat)
(Difficulty level can be changed any time in the game's menu.)
(LAAT/I)
(You will lose your current progress in this challenge)
(recording)
+
+{number} more...
.
0
0 Skills Ready
1
1 Skill Ready
10
100
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
2
20
3
3/3 Force Essences Collected
3/3 Life Essences Collected
30
4
40
4K UHD
5
5.1 Surround
50
6
60
7
7.1 Surround
70
8
80
9
90
:
A
A Brokered Alliance
A Candid Moment
A Candid Moment
A Cave Too Far
A Cave Too Far
A Curious Pair
A DJ who's played some of the biggest venues on Coruscant, Ashe has chosen Koboh for a much-needed break and to sample the unique sounds of the backwater planet.
A Datapad entry, detailing a prospector's fresh arrival on Koboh:| @ | @ "Planetside at last. I was eager to land, but tried to stay patient - he couldn't sit still at all, though. I suppose it is understandable; we have come from nothing - less than nothing - and this 'Koboh' is certainly a gamble. The planet is unusual, but the potential is exciting. We are ready to see what there is to offer!"
A Deadly Encounter
A Desperate Escape
A Droid Reborn
A Fallen Knight
A Fateful Meeting
A Friendly Contest
A Gen'Dai Plots
A Gift Revoked
A House Divided
A Hunter Must Hunt
A Jedi Knight pauses in reflection while instructing his Padawan, caught by a sudden nostalgia for a lost colleague and friend.
A Jedi Master died here. Buried by her Padawan in a shallow grave. The Padawan succumbed to his wounds soon after. 
A Jedi and scientist of the Republic discuss an upcoming experiment - one involving Dagan Gera. They wish for its success, their excitement tempered by their nerves.
A Jedi edict on the foundation of the temple on Tanalorr:| @ | @ "The Jedi stand, ever-ready, watching over the galaxy".
A Jedi from the High Republic, Dagan Gera blames the Jedi Council for abandoning Tanalorr and hints that someone close to him scarred him. 
A Jedi's Resolve
A Lucrehulk-class battleship is designed so the central sphere can detach and land independently. As such, the core is equipped with several massive landing struts, the gigantic hydraulics of which take up a large chunk of the core's interior.
A Master knelt here, too badly wounded to move forward quickly. She was reeling from the multiple, bleeding wounds she incurred protecting her injured Padawan. She urged the boy to run, but he couldn't bare to leave his Master.
A Master's Realization
A Mechanical Touch
A New Ally
A New Beginning
A New Home
A New Journey Awaits
A New Master
A New Path
A New Path
A New Start
A Nightsister
A Nightsister
A Nightsister survived a great massacre. She was alone, afraid. Her sisters were gone.
A Nightsister vessel used to mix potions and elixirs.
A Nightsister, wielding powerful magick, threatened Cal on Dathomir. It's unclear how she escaped the massacre of her coven, but her hatred for trespassers is obvious. The Nightsister immediately identified Cal as a threat and commanded the Nightbrothers to attack him. 
A Noble Deed
A Padawan asks her fellow student how he and his master ended up being assigned to the frontier planet of Koboh.
A Padawan asks to be excused from training. They do not explain themselves, but the master displays restraint and allows them to go.
A Padawan brings some news they've overheard to their master, who dismisses it and chides them for engaging in idle gossip.
A Padawan confides in a friend that their extended time on Koboh is making them miss the Jedi Temple on Coruscant.
A Padawan grapples with the lessons that Santari Khri is trying to impart, as they also struggle with the logistics of the chamber itself.
A Padawan, trying to think their way out of a puzzle, becomes briefly frustrated.
A Patient Master
A Quiet End
A Rare Find
A Republic Jedi harbors frustrations that the elaborate and not-inexpensive collection of chambers on Koboh is an exercise in waste.
A Republic scientist is given a tour of the Jedi chambers by an attending Knight, as they discuss ways in which they may better aid one another in their shared endeavors.
A Secret Meeting
A Small Mercy
A Task Too Far
A Warning
A Warrior's Death
A Wookiee helmet. Left behind in a hideout used by their warriors.
A World Away
A World of Wonder
A Zeffo Tomb Guardian, powerful automatons that protect the tombs, was destroyed here long ago.
A Zeffo relic from an age symbolized by vanity, extravagance and power.
A bag left by a family as they became separated. The father caused a distraction, allowing the mother to escape with their child.
A bag left by someone who came here from Coruscant. They were strangely frustrated with the Jedi Council for some reason.
A barrel of refined wroshyr sap. Its refinement process draws out impurities to distill a volatile chemical. The compound is utilized by the Empire in ways that are currently not understood. For every barrel of sap refined, over 200 tons of industrial waste are pumped into nearby waterways, slowly poisoning the planet.
A barrier of energy, similar to ray shields utilized extensively in the Clone Wars. They are resistant to nearly all forms of matter, making it almost impossible to break through them without destroying or deactivating their power source.
A blaster given to Cal by Bode Akuna in Cere's Base. Where Bode obtained the blaster is unknown, but it's clearly a modified LW-896 Blaster Pistol. Bode said it never failed him, so he's sure it will serve Cal well, too.
A bold statement for those who make bold decisions for the good of the galaxy.
A branch of the Imperial Inquisitorius program, the deadly Purge trooper division has one task: hunt down and eliminate any surviving Jedi. Most of the Empire are unaware that these soldiers even exist, yet only Inquisitors themselves receive better training. | @ | @ Purge troopers often take to the field wielding twin electrobatons, using the weapon's lightweight design and their own agility to outmaneuver and overwhelm their targets. 
A brave fighter, Mirienna serves Saw Gerrera's forces on the besieged world of Kashyyyk. After losing her husband on Zeffo, her journey takes her across the galaxy in her battle against the Empire.
A broken ascension cable repurposed from the Clone Wars for use in construction projects throughout Coruscant. While the Empire offers grand visions of infrastructure, they seek any avenue that might keep costs down.
A broken device of High Republic design. Although it is hard to discern in its heavily damaged state, the device may have been used in navigation, or as a smaller part of a larger unit.
A broken pot, smashed by the Officer in charge of Project Auger. She was angry that they weren't finding what she wanted.
A broken slave collar. The Wookiee who wore it ripped the collar apart with joy and anger to signify their freedom.
A broken standard, seeming to indicate that this tower was once under the command of someone known as the 'Warlord of the Tower'. That such a name would belong originally to a Bedlam Raider seems unlikely, given their subservience to Rayvis.
A cactus ball is designed to survive in dry environments, meaning certain areas of Koboh are teeming with them. While other members of the plant genus stand tall and upright, with deep roots, the cactus ball eschews that for shorter roots and a spherical form. If uprooted by predators or the elements, it rolls easily, then re-plants its roots when it comes to a stop in a new location.
A charged-up Force Push or certain advanced lightsaber techniques can quickly destroy entire groups of them.
A classic, balanced approach to combat. Reliable in all situations.
A classic, balanced approach to combat. Reliable in all situations.
A close-fitting underjacket, and flight gloves. Worn by flight crew of all backgrounds, from snub fighters to passenger liners.
A collection of resplendent metals and paints that provide a look that endures through the ages.
A collection of unhardened leathers from the hides of nerfs and banthas - amongst others - for an elegant touch.
A comm used by a mother to contact someone close to her. She couldn't wait for them any longer but the decision to go was painful.
A commander and chief supervisor in the Imperial Security Bureau, Lank Denvik worked with Bode Akuna during the Clone Wars for the Republic. Denvik is responsible for sending Bode on a mission to locate Cere Junda.
A common pest, the bog rat is a simple predator that feeds off small creatures like boglings. Their poor eyesight makes them easy prey to their natural enemy, the oggdo. Often attacking in packs, they will surround their foes in numbers. Appearing to retreat, they are known to burrow below ground as a sly defense before springing to attack, surprising their prey. Their hardened skin makes them somewhat resistant to lightsaber attacks.
A container used by an Imperial Officer to hide a relic she hoped would win favor with the Emperor. Her deception was making her reckless.
A containment crate used to transport artifacts found inside the tomb. This one was used by a worker under pressure for results.
A corpse belonging to the Zeffonian workforce that helped construct the tomb.
A crate used by the Empire to transport relics found in the excavation. An Imperial Officer seemed to be misleading about it.
A crude sign that attempts to ward off any who would seek to delve further into the cave:| @ | @ "Stay out! Danger within! No priorite!"
A crystal discovered by a Youngling but mysteriously left behind.
A curious fixture of High Republic-era Jedi technology that stabilizes, focuses, and magnifies the erratic potential energy stored in Koboh orbs.
A curmudgeonly prospector spoke about how a Jawa settlement on the far side of the valley has recently fallen silent. As Jawas are not usually the quiet type, it's worth checking that they're okay.
A databank entry of Doma Dendra assessing the damage to the old water treatment shed:| @ | @ "That backup from Dredger Gorge has shot the whole system. Burst pipes, collapsed beams...it's all no good. We'll have to get our water from the river now. Folks'll have to get used to it tasting a little strange, I suppose..."
A datapad entry from a leader of the bandit camp, detailing growing discontent:| @ | @ "The offer was brought to us by the Gen'Dai, but not every corner of the camp seemed pleased. Some accuse us of trading our freedom for just another hand around our throats. If they won't come willingly, then I'll have no choice but to force them..."
A datapad entry from an escaped convict, railing against his captors:| @ | @ "Jail. On this planet? That's a joke. But there's no getting past Doma, I suppose. Sussed us out fast, and what for? Trying to get a bit of priorite to make some scratch.| @ | @ Scuzz on the lot of them. No way I'm gonna rot in this scuzzin' jail. No way."
A datapad entry, erratically detailing a fragmented plan.| @ | @ "They never check, not down here. Ruined, abandoned. Perfect for me. I don't suppose he understands, but he will in time. When I show him. But first, I must wait. Wait and plan, wait and plan..."
A datapad from a curious Koboh local, studying the interior of this cave:| @ | @ "I cannot progress further without specialized equipment. I should turn back, but the sounds from within draw me further. What manner of cave is home to such myriad noises?| @ | @ My curiosity cannot be so easily satisfied."
A datastick dating back to the time of the High Republic. Only of any use to those of that era.
A dead "bogling" killed by one of the predators that live on the Fractured Plain. It was most likely headed back to its nest.
A dead clone, but he wasn't killed in the crash. He appears to have been killed by a lightsaber.
A dead splox, killed by boglings when it attempted to raid their nest.
A dead trooper. He was attacked, by a Wookiee? She escaped... and had her revenge.
A device invented by Santari Khri to navigate the Koboh Abyss. The compass uses the coordinates obtained during Dagan Gera's uncharted flight to Tanalorr. The Jedi Council ordered all Abyss compasses destroyed after the Nihil raided Tanalorr, believing they must have stolen one in order to cross the Abyss.
A device that once belonged to - and was invented by - Jedi Master Santari Khri. Developed in conjunction with her research into the anomalous material of Koboh, it acts as a resonator and activation device. | @ | @ Khri used the tuner to keep personal and classified areas safe from threats on the galactic frontier, like the ever-unpredictable Nihil marauders.
A drop pod from a Lucrehulk-class battleship, used to transport battle droids and other separatist forces to the field during the Clone Wars. Destination coordinates typically ensure safe landings, but this pod was overridden and fired in the general area of the Basalt Rift.  
A faded mural located on Bogano not far from the Zeffo Vault. It likely represents a planet but the artwork is too damaged to make out any specifics.
A favorite among spacers who travel the hyperlanes.
A few scattered valuables and a crate of textiles comprise what remains of Moran's criminal career. The bevel of Moran's datapad faintly bears the name 'Dreyo'.
A final datapad entry of a wounded prospector:| @ | @ "Typical. We escape that kriffin' jail to be set on by starving beasts. Can't blame them - we all gotta eat. Managed to climb away from them, but there's nowhere else to go, and my leg's bit pretty bad. Figure this might be it. | @ | @ Still. Managed to show those zugs in that prison what for. Guess that'll have to do."
A forearm bracer, as well as an additional undervest, eke out every last opportunity for defense.
A former member of Tarfful's freedom fighters, Choyyssyk was captured during an attack on an Imperial outpost. After the refinery prison break, Choyyssyk became fast friends with Saw's Lieutenant, Mari Kosan. Together, they will stop at nothing to save Kashyyyk from the Imperial occupation.
A freelance gunslinger with no love for the Empire, Bode is the most recent member of Cal's crew. He reveals to Cal that what he's really fighting for is a better life for his daughter, Kata.
A functional shirt, adorned with totems and trophies won from untold hunts.
A grave of an unknown prospector, seemingly constructed by one unfamiliar with the process, but with an obvious level of care and respect.
A group of pilgrims are assaulted by a creature on their travels. Afterwards, they pray to the Jedi for protection.
A group of prospectors attempt to gain access to the sealed facility in the center of Rambler's Reach Valley. However, they are frustrated and humiliated by failure.
A hand-carved wroshyr horn inlaid with precious metals and stones. The intricacy of the design suggests it was owned by a Wookiee of great importance.  
A heavily armed underwater fortress concealed within the black seas on the shadowy world of Nur. The stronghold serves as the central seat of the Imperial Inquisitor Program, the Emperor's ruthless crusade to eradicate the Jedi Order from every corner of the galaxy. To maintain a public perception of peace and security, the existence of the fortress is intentionally hidden from the Empire at large, although rumors swirl of a "dark site" where Force-users go to die... or worse.
A highly-mobile, energetic approach to combat. Best for dealing with many enemies at once
A highly-mobile, energetic approach to combat. Best for dealing with many enemies at once
A highly-modified MagnaGuard bodyguard droid, The Massiff was a personal project of Rayvis. Having successfully reprogrammed battle droids en-masse, the Gen'Dai wished to see how far he would renovate a droid's programming. The result is The Massiff, a ruthless, hyper-enhanced killing machine that will fight until the last of its processes fails.
A holopic of Bode, Kata and her mother, taken on the planet of Birren.
A keepsake from Senator Sejan's yacht, that Bode must have lifted during the heist, without anyone knowing.
A lack of maintenance, and the relentless creep of time, has visibly worn many of the gorge's dams down to a dangerous state - cracks and leaks can be seen everywhere across their aging surfaces.
A lightsaber will reflect shots back at them.
A lightsaber will reflect shots back at them.
A local prospector and technologist who has become an increasingly hostile and self-isolated obsessive. 
A locator beacon used by Bode Akuna to guide the Empire to the Archive. It is small enough to keep discreet, so Bode was able to hide this object until the very moment of betrayal.
A master fisherman obsessed with his craft, Skoova Stev is a fount of wisdom, knowledge, and encouragement - as long as the topic is fishing.
A meditation area, well hidden. Whoever was here knew the Jedi Order.
A memorial placed at a meditation site often used by the venerable Jedi Master Mar Ti "Bucky" Kam'Ron. He returned here many times over the course of his life to reflect on his adventures and achievements.
A memorial to the fallen clones of the Venator, constructed by the Villagers. The galaxy believes the Jedi were traitors. Only a few know the truth.
A military-grade undershirt, ribbed and reinforced for increased trauma resistance.
A modest but striking jacket. Preferred by stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf-herders.
A more powerful parry that can parry unblockable (red) attacks. Grabs and explosive attacks cannot be parried however.| @ 
A mural across the exterior wall of a meditation chamber, reading:| @ | @ "Those who ask questions find answers,| @ Those who combat falsehoods find the truth,| @ And those who see inside themselves will know the path ahead."
A mural depicting a war between ancient Force users and an unknown foe. Some figures bear striking resemblance to Jedi.
A mysterious fungus that gives off a peculiar acidic odor. The growths can be found throughout the cave network, though little else about their behaviour is known.
A mysterious wanderer Cal met on Dathomir. He claimed to study lost civilizations and revealed that he is familiar with the Nightsisters, in addition to recognizing Cal's lightsaber as a Jedi weapon.
A new leader came to control the Nightbrothers. A powerful stranger.
A new officer
A now-obsolete Republic droid, fallen during battle with the Nihil invaders of Tanalorr. The droid gave a valiant defense of the planet.
A pack dropped by a frustrated Youngling. Some succeed, but some fail. This one gave in to her anger.
A pack left by villagers forced from their homes by the Empire and shipped off to labor camps or worse.
A pair of inventor prospectors - brothers - disagree over where their priorities should lie on Koboh. One, in a flash of obsession, strikes out, and in so doing fatally wounds his kin.
A palette of bold and brash colors, to make a deliberate statement against those in power.
A palette of bold and brash colors, to make a deliberate statement against those in power.
A pictorial language developed by those who built this place. Concepts can be discerned through study of the images.
A piece of fabric, used by a mother to protect her child. They were on the run, trying to escape from something.
A powerful Push allowing Cal to send groups of enemies flying and knock down large targets.
A prospector asked you to investigate the recent Raider activity in the warehouse nearby.
A prospector damaged his hearing due to a roller mine explosion. They say there's a building that seems to be guarded by them. It might be worth exploring?
A prospector is wary of anyone fighting the Raiders. Seems like Rayvis has a watchtower in Rambler's Reach, garrisoned with Raiders. Taking it out might make things a little safer.
A prospector talking, presumably to the meditation chamber, vowing to find a way inside and discover its secrets.
A prospector was held up by Bedlam Raiders, who claimed the valley as their territory. The prospector ran, and the raiders gave chase.
A prospector was hunting for treasure down in the caves, but ran into something large, unexpected, and deadly.
A prospector, battered by the mountain's dangers, tries to struggle on up the mountain alone.
A purely offensive approach to combat. Overwhelm enemies with a flurry of strikes. Abort attacks by pressing {Parry}.
A purely offensive approach to combat. Overwhelm enemies with a flurry of strikes. Abort attacks by pressing {Parry}.
A recording of Bode Akuna singing a lullaby to his daughter, Kata.
A relentless Imperial Inquisitor, the Second Sister arrives on Bracca to hunt Cal Kestis, a surviving Jedi Padawan. Sadistically toying with her prey, she ruthlessly kills Cal's friend, Prauf, before striking. In the attack, Cal is forced to flee, barely escaping, but the hunt has only begun. 
A relentless Imperial Inquisitor, the Second Sister is cunning and highly intelligent. Her curious nature and sociopathic charisma allow her to patiently manipulate almost any adversary into revealing their weakness and fears. Be wary as she sadistically toys with her prey before a fierce, agile strike.
A relentless Imperial Inquisitor, the Second Sister was cunning and highly intelligent. Her curious nature and sociopathic charisma allowed her to patiently manipulate any adversary into revealing their weakness and fears. She sadistically toyed with her prey before destroying them with fierce, agile strikes.
A relic crate filled by anxious stormtroopers. They met their quota... this time. 
A researcher was trapped down in the caves after the collapse of a tunnel. She wandered for days before succumbing to thirst and fatigue.
A riot baton that belonged to the new commander of Project Auger. She was determined to make progress and prove herself.
A rock-hopping Turgle finds himself lamenting his sorry lot in life. Even here, on a new planet, he finds himself isolated and alone.
A rudimentary map of the rigorous 'Pilgrim's Path', denoted with various symbols and points of interest, both known and unknown.
A safehouse built in the Jedi Temple on Jedha where refugees hid from the Empire's wrath.
A salvaged, ad-hoc style favored by the gangs of Coronet City on Corellia.
A savvy grifter, Dana is always looking to strike it big on the frontier with her partner, Grock.
A schemer by nature, Turgle is always getting himself into trouble with the Bedlam Raiders. After Cal saves his life, Turgle feels indebted to the Jedi.
A seismic detector that used small pulses to locate hidden objects. It also had the unfortunate side effect of agitating and attracting local wildlife. Time and the elements have since rendered it inoperable.
A selection of dark and bold tones, inspired by the regimented hues of the Imperial Inquisitorius.
A selection of dark and bold tones, inspired by the regimented hues of the Imperial Inquisitorius.
A selection of stainless and brushed metals, such as durasteel, that add a light, bright touch.
A selection of stainless and brushed metals, such as durasteel, that add a light, bright touch.
A series of modules ring the laboratory, feeding energy down into the array's initializing chamber. Maintaining a constant flow of energy is seemingly vital to ensuring the entire array remains stable.
A set of thickened metal coatings, oxidized into a spectrum of bold colors. Beloved by the alternative and rebellious.
A set of thickened metal coatings, oxidized into a spectrum of bold colors. Beloved by the alternative and rebellious.
A set of wind chimes left behind by the Zeffo who built the tomb.
A shadowy crime syndicate that operates throughout the Outer Rim. Led by the unscrupulous Sorc Tormo, they control a network of gambling, slaving and devious enterprises, particularly droid smuggling. Dealing in droid parts, their bounty hunters and mercenaries are known to use such stolen wares for personal cyber-augmentation.
A ship crashed here in the swamp. The pilot was fleeing from something. Picked a bad place to hide out.
A short inventory, detailing what is required to successfully break out of the jail:| @ | @ "Tools required:| @ - Hydrospanner| @ - Blowtorch| @ - Goggles (safety first)| @ - Change of clothes| @ - Power shovel"
A sign-in change occurred. You are now being returned to the title screen.
A simple bandolier, with protective pauldron. Designed to hold additional blaster charges for ease of reloading.
A site of spiritual significance, Jedha is frequented by many travelers, who make the pilgrimage seeking enlightenment and guidance amid a conflicted galaxy. Over the generations, these pilgrims have marked the path with cairns or flags, though little in the desert can remain for long due to frequent sandstorms. But from adversity often springs tradition, with new travelers continually reestablishing the path, so that future generations may also find guidance.
A slow, yet highly lethal approach to combat. Powerful swings devastate enemies, but have very long wind-ups.
A slow, yet highly lethal approach to combat. Powerful swings devastate enemies, but have very long wind-ups.
A society of male warriors, the Nightbrothers are a subspecies of Zabraks based on Dathomir. For centuries, their society existed in loyal reverence to the Nightsisters, witches that ruled the planet but were decimated during the Clone Wars. Extremely hostile to outsiders, Nightbrothers are skilled fighters proficient with a variety of weapons. Among their ranks may be found archers, capable of launching ranged energy bow attacks with deadly accuracy.
A squad, tracking the partisans and Wookiees. They are coming for Tarfful.
A station teeming with droid activity must be run efficiently, or risk chaos. Monitoring stations can be found at intervals around the facility, used to locate any droid units, and redirect them accordingly.
A statue of a venerable Jedi Master adorns the central chamber leading to the Crystal Cave. Carved hundreds of years ago, it serves as a symbol to the sacred wisdom, enlightenment and perseverance of the once great Jedi Order. 
A statue tableau depicting ancient peoples performing the ritual of the Jedi.
A stormtrooper helmet left after a struggle with a villager.
A string of gorgers, all of which were felled in an orderly manner, suggesting the intervention of prospectors and not some hungry beast.
A successful Precision Evade slows the attacking enemy.
A sudden disaster struck, killing the creatures in this tunnel with a massive flood.
A supply pouch left by a Youngling dealing with fear and frustration.
A symbol of Wookiee resistance, Tarfful leads his fighters against the ruthless Imperial occupation of their homeworld. Forced into hiding deep in the forests, he evades enemy capture, striking out from secret locations by employing asymmetrical warfare. When Cal learns Cordova and Tarfful were close friends, he begins a desperate hunt to find him and learn crucial information in his quest.
A syndicate-trained slicer, Gabs doesn't mind enriching herself while taking on the Empire. Confident and gutsy, Gabs takes every opportunity to demonstrate her superiority over Imperial slicers.
A talented botanist and plant geneticist whose talent catapulted her to the forefront of her field at a young age, Pili fled to the frontier where she could continue her work in peace.
A tense discussion between Bode and Denvik. The ISB agent strings Bode along, promising him to reveal his wife's murderer if he does as ordered.
A threat in combat at any range thanks to its combination of vibroblade and blaster.
A timeless look
A tome by Jedi Master Yaddle, detailing little known Jedi arts. Unfortunately, her notes on both are incomplete and - perhaps deliberately - vague.
A tool dropped in excitement over a mysterious find by a worker during the excavation. It appears they found what they were looking for.
A tool used by a traveler who wanted to reach the mysterious Vault.
A tool used by pilgrims to profess their faith by spinning the wheel while repeating an invocation to the Force.
A towering relic of the Clone Wars, the core of the Lucrehulk-class battleship dominates the Koboh landscape. Although the superstructure remains mostly intact, much of the ship has degraded in the years since it was forced to land on the planet's surface. The Bedlam Raiders, led by Rayvis, saw the ship's potential for a headquarters and have retrofitted large sections of the Lucrehulk to serve their needs. The ship's many armaments and - most importantly - its droid army have been appropriated and reprogrammed to serve their new criminal purpose.
A tri-pointed water feature, built to symbolize the three core pillars of the Jedi Order - The Force, knowledge and self-discipline. Jedi strive at all times to gain mastery over all three.
A trooper helmet. The remains of a stormtrooper whose body was dragged up here by Kashyyyk wildlife.
A variant of the KX-series security droid, these baton-wielding counterparts were designed primarily to train Imperial stormtroopers in the use of the electrobaton. Their movements, therefore, are similar to Scout Troopers, but with a mechanical mastery of the form which, combined with a reinforced chassis, makes them far more dangerous.
A variety of astromech droids, also known as astro-droids, were utilized by the Galactic Empire to complement their vessels. Providing routine maintenance and mechanics, they served a variety of repair duties as well as advanced navigational operations, strategic logistics and data computation.
A variety of simple metals from across the galaxy. Appreciated by all.
A very small percentage of individuals may experience epileptic seizures when exposed to certain light patterns or flashing lights. Exposure to certain patterns or backgrounds on a computer screen, or while playing video games, may induce an epileptic seizure in these individuals. Certain conditions may induce previously undetected epileptic symptoms even in persons who have no history of prior seizures or epilepsy.| @ | @ If you, or anyone in your family, have an epileptic condition, consult your physician prior to playing. If you experience any of the following symptoms while playing a video or computer game -- dizziness, altered vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of awareness, disorientation, any involuntary movement, or convulsions - IMMEDIATELY discontinue use and consult your physician before resuming play.
A very small percentage of individuals may experience epileptic seizures when exposed to certain light patterns or flashing lights. Exposure to certain patterns or backgrounds on a computer screen, or while playing video games, may induce an epileptic seizure in these individuals. Certain conditions may induce previously undetected epileptic symptoms even in persons who have no history of prior seizures or epilepsy.| @ | @ If you, or anyone in your family, have an epileptic condition, consult your physician prior to playing. If you experience any of the following symptoms while playing a video or computer game – dizziness, altered vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of awareness, disorientation, any involuntary movement, or convulsions - IMMEDIATELY discontinue use and consult your physician before resuming play.
A washed-up trader whose best days are behind him, Moran whiles away his hours in a saloon, bemoaning the Empire that destroyed his livelihood.
A well-timed Pull can topple Gorgara.
A winding canyon of severe rises and sheer drops, Dredger Gorge was a favorite prospecting location for Koboh's mining population during its busiest era. Now, however, its crevices are littered with rusting machinery, haunted by shadows of the past and stalked by territorial beasts.
A yurt is a rudimentary habitation that can be surprisingly comfortable, despite being little more than a canvas placed over load-bearing poles. The nomadic planet of Mareg IX was known to yurt aficionados as a shining example of the form.
AATs
AIM
AMD FidelityFX™ Super Resolution 2
ARC-170
AT-AT
AT-AT
AT-ST
AT-ST
AT-ST
AT-ST Defeated
Abandon current challenge?
Abandoned Corpse
Abandoned Encampment
Abandoned Foundry
Abandoned Prospector Equipment
Abandoned Shop
Abandoned Squatter Site
Abandoned Tradeway
Abandoned Village
Abandoned Water Filtration System
Abandoned Workshop
Abilities
Abilities Reset
Ability
Ability Acquired:
Ability Acquired:
Ability Learned
Able to block lightsaber strikes but its defense can be easily overcome.
Able to block, parry and use specialized spin techniques.
Abominable Bogling
About Cere's Base
About Coruscant
About Dredger Gorge
About Jedha
About Koboh
About Nova Garon
About Pilgrim's Path
About Pilgrim's Sanctuary
About Prospector's Folly
About Rambler's Reach
About Stone Spires
About Tanalorr
About the Alignment Control Center
About the Basalt Forest
About the Forest Array
About the Mountain Observatory
About the Narkis Desert
About the Phon'Qi Caverns
About the Ruins of Ranvell
About the Shattered Moon
About the Sunken Lucrehulk
About the Viscid Bog
Absorb one hit when charging the blaster without being interrupted.
Absorb one hit without being interrupted while sprinting.
Abyss Compass
Accent
Accept
Accept
Accessibility
Accessibility
Accessible Area
According to a Koboh local, several prospectors went to inspect a nearby cave, and haven't been seen in some time. There has long been speculation about what exactly lurks in the cave, so it would be worth checking they're okay.
Acolyte Room
Acquire Upgrade
Acquired
Acquiring the Holocron
Across the galaxy, Cal can meet new residents who can help improve Rambler's Reach Outpost.| @ | @ Make sure to return here to after recruiting them to Koboh.
Action Widget
Activate
Activate BD-1
Activate Photo Mode
Activates High Republic-era technology to access new areas
Active Sonar Ping
Active Sonar Ping
Activities
Additional Battle Points will be awarded each wave and any unused points will carry over to the next wave. | @ | @ Win all waves to complete the challenge.
Additional Battle Points will be awarded each wave and any unused points will carry over to the next wave. | @ | @ Win all waves to complete the challenge.
Additional Perk Slot
Additional Settings
Additional perk slots allow more perks to be equipped at once.
Addled Mind
Adjust
Adjust
Adjust Brightness
Adjust Finish
Adjust HDR Brightness
Adjust Vents angle.| @ Does not affect gameplay.
Adjust the amount of camera shake.
Adjust the saturation used for background elements in the High Contrast Mode.
Adjusts controller vibration
Adjusts controller vibration
Adjusts how much dialogue is fed to the controller vibration so that the dialogue can be felt.
Adjusts how much dialogue is fed to the controller vibration so that the dialogue can be felt.
Adjusts how much dialogue is fed to the controller vibration so that the dialogue can be felt.
Adjusts overall volume for the game.
Adjusts the game speed while slow mode is active.
Adjusts the time before the camera automatically recenters behind Cal.
Adjusts volume of ambient sound effects.
Advanced
Advanced Customization
Advanced Evade
Advanced Options
Advanced Parry
Advanced Parry Challenge Complete!
Advanced Training
Aerial Ace
Aerial Assault
Aerial Dash Strike
Affects the brightness of the entire screen. Set this to your personal preference, while making sure you can still see detail in the BRIGHTS of the images above.| @ | @ Does not affect UI brightness.
Affects the darkest parts of the screen. Set this as low as you can, while still being able to see details in the SHADOWS on the images above.| @ | @ Does not affect UI brightness.
After a Saber Spin, Cal throws his double-bladed lightsaber in a circular motion, striking surrounding targets.
After a fateful event on Ilum, BD-1 finally retrieves the last of his memories about his old friend, Eno Cordova. The recordings BD played for Cal were all logs from private conversations between the droid and Cordova. In a final recording from Cordova, BD shares the moment his memory was frozen to encrypt the secret data about the Vault.
After a long time apart, Cere and Merrin reconnect. A newfound sense of purpose seems to draw them together, even after much time apart.
After a talk from Greez, Cal and BD set off to find Mari and Tarfful. While Cal was fighting the Brood, Trilla led an attack to destroy their resistance. A rift formed between Mari and Saw, splitting their forces in two; Saw had since left the planet. After fighting their way through the recaptured refinery, Cal and BD met Mari, Tarfful, and Choyyssyk. Tarfful told Cal to climb the Origin Tree and Mari gave Cal a breather to help him get there. The two groups parted ways. Now Cal must climb the Origin Tree...
After claiming the Lucrehulk, the Bedlam Raiders fashioned a makeshift dock to its lower exterior, from which they could transport all manner of foul-smelling and mysterious goods to and from their new base.
After crash landing the gunship, Cal faces off against the Ninth Sister.
After defeating Caij Vanda, the galaxy feels somewhat safer.
After defeating Rayvis, Cal wonders about what code he follows, now that the Jedi Order is gone. He worries that he could lose himself to obsession. Merrin assures him that should he stray from his path, his family will bring him back.
After enduring Bode's Force powers, his block meter will be exhausted. Press the attack!
After finally being talked into the so-called chance of a lifetime, Grock and Dana's expedition goes awry, with Grock paying the ultimate price.
After finding another lightsaber hilt during his journey, Cal can switch between a single and double bladed lightsaber.
After fleeing Birren with his daughter, Bode makes a deal with his former handler, Lank Denvik, promising to do whatever it takes to keep her safe.
After freeing the imprisoned Wookiees and taking the refinery from the Empire, Cal still had no information on Tarfful's whereabouts. Luckily Choyyssyk, one of the Wookiees Cal helped liberate, had fought alongside Tarfful in the past. He and Mari Kosan, a member of Saw's guerilla fighters, agreed to find Tarfful for Cal. However, just as he received this news, Cere discovered an Imperial transmission revealing the Empire was close to unearthing another tomb on Zeffo...
After he mourns the death of his friends, Greez takes care of Kata, nurturing her with hot meals and companionship.
After landing on Dathomir, Cal and BD-1 faced off against a Nightsister who demanded they leave the planet immediately. When they refused, she commanded Nightbrothers to attack them. Shortly after escaping that threat, Cal and BD-1 came upon a Wanderer, who claimed to be studying Zeffo ruins. Who he is and what's become of the Nightsister remain to be seen...
After locating Bode's quarters, Cal heads to confront him and recover the compass.
After meeting in the decidedly unromantic swamp, Wini and Zygg fixed up the outpost together - without much to work with, they resorted to decorating with reclaimed Koboh tech, with Wini declaring it the best she could do. Zygg is enamored. Is love in the air?
After narrowly escaping Coruscant, Cal questions whether the past years of fighting the Empire were worth the sacrifice. With his former Mantis crewmates spread across the galaxy, Cal is now on his own.
After reopening his connection to the Force on Bogano, Cal remembers how to run along walls.
After repairing the Abyss compass, Cordova is murdered by Bode Akuna, who takes the compass as he betrays them all.
After reuniting, Cere and Merrin discuss how the Path might find a safe place on Jedha.
After revealing she no longer uses the Force, Cere sent Cal to an ancient Vault. Along the way, Cal found a friendly droid named BD-1 who joined his quest. On their journey, Cal reached out to the Force, remembering his ability to Wall Run. Inside the Vault, BD projected a message from Master Eno Cordova detailing how he hid a holocron containing a list of known Force-sensitive children within. To access it, Cal must find the tombs of three Zeffo Sages. With BD's aid, Cal embarks on a journey to rebuild the Jedi Order...
After saving Zee in the Lucrehulk, Bode decides to check her databanks for any useful information on Tanalorr that he could use.
After seeing Cal dispatch with a Haxion Brood bounty hunter sent by Sorc Tormo, Caij serves as Cal's handler as he takes on targets seeking the Jedi Knight.
After the Empire destroyed the speeder, Cal and Merrin spot a creature that could be their new ride to Cere's Base. Now they just have to reach it.
After the intel proves disheartening, Cal decides to take the senator to Saw Gerrera.
After the loss of Master Cordova and Cere, Cal carries a burden of guilt. He sought Tanalorr to protect the ones he loved, but Bode's betrayal has cost him everything. The path to redemption leads through finding Bode.
After this, spend 1 Skill Point to reset and refund all Skill Trees. You will still keep any Skills acquired in-game.
After trespassing in the Path's most sacred of chambers, looters receive their just reward.
After word of Dagan besting a Gen'Dai reaches the Jedi on Koboh, they react with disdain at the Jedi Master's new choice of companion.
After working together for years, BD-1 and Cal's bond has only grown. Equipped with an assortment of exploration tools – and an unshakeable loyalty to Cal – BD is the Jedi's closest friend.
After years of living on the run and fighting the Empire, Cal Kestis has hardened into a fierce Jedi warrior. He leads a crew of outlaws on a daring heist - organized by Saw Gerrera - as they attempt to steal military intel from a corrupt Imperial senator. They hope that the information that the senator carries will give them a fighting chance against the ever-expanding Empire. 
Age of Extravagance
Aged
Aged Iron
Agents of the Imperial Security Bureau take their work - investigating matters of internal and galactic security - extremely seriously. Fiercely protective of their own jurisdiction, they trust only their own ability and are often harsh and condescending to all others. Although politically and bureaucratically skilled, they are not known for their combat prowess, and will quickly falter in a firefight.
Aim
Air Focus Attack
Air Traffic Control Perch
Airborne pest with flammable posterior.
Airlock
Airlock 8
Akuna Family Photo
Albedo Brave
Albino Wyyyschokk
Albino Wyyyschokk
Albino Wyyyschokk Defeated
Alderaanian Blue
Align Arrays at Koboh Control Center
Alignment Control Center
All
All Bounties Collected
All Off
All On
All Perks
All manner of species' skulls bedeck these halls, evidence of the breadth and diversity of the galactic travelers attracted to this sacred path.
All new abilities found on your journey have been reset
All-In
Allegiance
Allies
Allows BD-1 to slice into Imperial tech
Alloy Metal
Alloyed Doonium
Alone
Alone
Also, please note that game progress on the PS5™ version of STAR WARS Jedi: Survivor is not backwards compatible with the PS4™. 
Although Cere recognizes the potential in Cal's quest to find Tanalorr, she decides to remain on Jedha in order to oversee the Archive and protect the loyal Anchorites who serve her.
Although Mosey is known as a hunter, she is not without a respect and understanding for the equilibrium of the planet and the natural order of things.
Although broken and vague, an ancient maintenance droid points you in the direction of something valuable, to be found at the factory's bottom.
Although it remains a mystery if the Raiders somehow lured this Rancor to the cave, or if it had been here a long time, it's clear the beast was nonetheless provided with a stable diet of victims.
Although long since crumbled, many traces remain that the Republic not only had a presence on Koboh, but a significant one at that. Mighty feats of architecture still dot the landscape, though they are now mostly reduced to rubble.
Although most people would not know it, the pine fern is one of the most ubiquitous ferns in the known galaxy. It is often mistaken for other bushes due to almost never looking the same from one planet to the next. Its leaves are highly reactive to the climate of a planet, and will change hues based on temperature, sunlight, soil, and even air quality. 
Although shrouded in some mystery, it is believed the Array displaces Koboh Matter by ionizing energy fired through it. Stations throughout the beam chamber monitor the process.
Although some structures were spared total annihilation, nothing survived intact. Strewn debris and overgrown nature speak to a world first devastated, then abandoned.
Although the Bedlam Raiders flex their martial muscle on Koboh simply as a demonstration of power, it is also clear that they - like the prospectors before them - are keen to uncover whatever riches the planet is hiding in its forgotten recesses.
Although the meditation chambers were a Jedi-made wonder of Koboh, there were yet other secretive layers to the planet, and the Republic was determined to study them all.
Altin Lazer Blaster
Always
Ambidexterity
Ambient
Ambient Camera Sway
Ambient Volume
Ambitious, but ill-fated, the gondola carts were intended to plumb deep into Koboh's subterranean network in search of priorite and other treasures. The cost, however, proved too exorbitant, and when the roller mines began bizarrely malfunctioning, the operation was seized and abandoned.
Amends
Ammo Regen
Among the ruins of a Republic settlement on Koboh, Cal found an ancient, broken device, possibly connected to Tanalorr. He also experienced a vivid Force echo, in which Dagan Gera slaughtered Jedi in a rage. And upon Koboh's Shattered Moon, Cal defeated one of Rayvis' lightsaber-wielding lieutenants and retrieved another damaged device. | @ | @ Cal returned them to Master Cordova, who vowed to begin investigating them immediately. In the meantime, Cere dispatches Cal and Merrin to a Hidden Path safehouse, to save the Anchorite Brother Armias and the vital contact codes he carries... 
Amphibian Blues
Amplification
An Anchorite announces that, through their connections on the path, someone has arrived to see Cere - Master Eno Cordova.
An Anchorite is eager to learn about the Nightsister Merrin.
An Ancient Sphere
An Ecological Study
An Honest Appraisal
An Idol to Some
An Imperial container used to transport many of the artifacts found during Project Auger. The workers doubted the worth of some items.
An Inquisitor is Born
An Instruction
An Oath Fulfilled
An Old Friend
An Uncertain Future
An abandoned blaster pistol. A cheap hold-out model, it malfunctioned when fired repeatedly, rendering it useless. 
An agile and shifty counter-attacker able to dodge and parry incoming strikes.
An airborne attack that allows Cal to push away nearby enemies when he lands.
An ancient Zeffo depiction of the Binog. Cordova hypothesized the presence of the Binog was a key factor in choosing Bogano for the Vault due to its importance in Zeffo art.
An ancient automaton constructed by the Zeffo, it is believed the Tomb Guardian's central function was to protect sacred sites. As details of their abilities remain mysterious, if encountered, one should proceed with extreme caution. Cold and indifferent, they attack not out of malice or defense, but from a programmed response to intruders. Known for powerful, unblockable strikes, they can prove especially threatening in limited areas without space to dodge their attack. Their primary vulnerability appears to be the Power Core located above their central abdomen. Any disruption of the core should provoke a shut down.
An ancient burial site, hastily fashioned for an unknown race, not human.
An ancient monastery, Pilgrim's Sanctuary is considered by many who travel to Jedha to be the ultimate destination. It is said that one can hear voices of pilgrims past within the winds themselves, guiding them onwards to the monastery. Others claim the violent gusts represent a final trial for those seeking enlightenment. All agree that the path is treacherous, and only the most dedicated can persist long enough to ever see the monastery itself.
An ancient script welcomes travelers to the beginning of 'The Pilgrim's Path', a long-walked route for those devoted to the worship of the Force.
An area sacred to the Wookiees. A sanctuary. One of the last safe zones from the Empire. Until now.
An array of fundamental metals such as chrome and bronze, for a simple but timeless look.
An artifact from Dathomir constructed by someone with knowledge of the Force. The charm's creator is unknown. When utilized in conjunction with a Jedi's improved agility, it grants the wearer the ability to briefly channel Nightsister magicks and pass through the otherwise unpassable.
An assortment of well-used metals like iron and bronze, showing signs of wear or damage.
An assortment of well-used metals like iron and bronze, showing signs of wear or damage.
An audio message from Bode to Kata, timestamp unknown, where he promises to be home soon with a gift.
An entire room was dedicated to the recharging of the facility's myriad maintenance droids. Since the Raider occupation, however, the battery station has been repurposed for battle droid use.
An entry from Jedi Master Pyt'r Stevar:| @ | @ "The sky is aflame. The moon, I think, was destroyed. It is hard to tell. The shuttles are leaving, but we are trapped. The Padawans are afraid, and I cannot leave them. Whatever our fate on Koboh may be, we entrust it now to the Force."
An exquisite array of silk wrappings, trading a firm grip for luxuriant handfeel.
An impenetrable barrier of highly magnetized dust-like matter. Standard manipulation is ineffective against its structure, proving resistant even to lightsaber strikes.
An interior designer who left the glitz and glamour of Coruscant, Wini is always ready to apply her skills to beautify her surroundings.
An invasive species of Koboh with an extremely dense foliage; its roots are able to expand into places from which they can't easily be removed, resulting in its dry leaves flowering in the most unexpected of places.
An invitation for travelers to find stillness along the Path. Though the journey carries pilgrims forward, direction can only be found in taking stock of the route.
An opulent - though some may say garish - palette of colors based on what's currently trending in the galactic capital.
An opulent - though some may say garish - palette of colors based on what's currently trending in the galactic capital.
An outsider was here, not a Nightbrother. I sense something... familiar.
An unorthodox approach to combat. Couple your lightsaber with a blaster to gain ranged superiority.
An unorthodox approach to combat. Couple your lightsaber with a blaster to gain ranged superiority.
An unpretentious garb, for one who trudges the land in search of a worthy opponent.
An upgrade to Cal's Charge Shot (in Blaster Stance). Charge Shots now hit nearby enemies around the target
Analysis of these pipes indicates that pressure buildup from an open airlock caused them to rupture. This breach could only have occurred if the shield system was compromised, rendering it unable to protect the Fortress from hydrostatic pressure. Data suggests the Fortress may be vulnerable to flooding if airlocks are opened while its shield system is disabled.
Anatoli
Anchor (temp)
Anchorite
Anchorite
Anchorite Base
Ancient
Ancient Alloy
Ancient Architecture
Ancient Bones
Ancient Catacombs
Ancient Crypt
Ancient Hieroglyphics
Ancient Language
Ancient Marketplace
Ancient Ruins
Ancient Ruins
Ancient Scrolls
Ancient Scrolls
Ancient Statues
Ancient Temple
Ancient Vault
Ancient Wars
Ancient remains of a sentient species. Too faint to gather any other information.
Angles
Angry Youngling
Animation
Animator
Animators
Anodized Metal
Anoth Estra
Anoth Estra
Anti
Anti Defeated
Anti-Aliasing
Aparna
Aphelion
Appearance
Apply
Apprentice of Eno Cordova
Approach Bar
Approaching Jedha, the Mantis crew made contact with the Narkis Anchorites, a religious group working with Cere. An incoming dust storm forced the Mantis to land a distance from the rendezvous point, so Cal set out on foot to meet Cere's contact, who turned out to be none other than the Nightsister Merrin.| @ | @ As they continued toward Cere's base together, the storm finally catches them, and they are forced to find a cave, taking refuge within from the howling winds and sand... 
Aquarium
Aquarium Fish
Aquarium Unlocked
Arachnophobia Safe Mode
Arakyd Heavy
Arcetron
Archive Five - Astrium
Archive Four - Eilram
Archive One - Discovery
Archive Seven - Goodbye
Archive Six - Vision
Archive Three - Dathomir
Archive Two - Miktrull
Archive Vestibule
Archway to Gantry
Are you sure?
Area Discovered
Arid Flats
Armed with electrobatons, they may attack in flurries of quick strikes, but vulnerable after finishing the initial attack.
Armias
Array Channel
Art
Art Book
Art Director
Art Directors
Artisan
Artisan Child
Artist
As Above, So Below
As Cal pursued Bode, Cere and Merrin worked together to stop the Empire's assault and buy time for an evacuation. Rushing to the Archive, Cere entrusts BD-1 with the Hidden Path contact codes as Darth Vader appeared, intent on revenge.| @ | @ Sending BD-1 away with the codes, Cere engaged the Sith Lord in a savage battle. With skill and determination, she came within a breath of defeating him. Yet at the final moment, a wounded Vader strikes true, dealing a lethal blow to the Jedi Master. She collapsed back into Cal's arms, who witnessed her heroic last stand through psychometry.| @ | @ Later, on the Mantis, as the remaining crew try to process Bode's treachery and the sudden, devastating loss of their friends, they realize they may be able to use Bode's locator beacon to track him back to his hideout...
As Dagan Gera postures in defiance of the Council, and Koboh readies for evacuation, two Jedi fret over the rising crisis.
As Master Cordova worked to repair the compass, the crew - united once again - celebrated and discussed their plans for the future. Taking Cal aside, Bode reasoned that a smaller group should go on ahead and scout Tanalorr first, but Cal disagreed. Weary, Bode retired early, leaving Cal and Merrin to share a moment together on the balcony.| @ | @ By morning, Cordova's repairs were complete. Yet at that moment, disaster struck - the Empire had found them, and was closing in from all angles. As confusion gripped them, a sorrowful Bode took the compass. Firing two shots, he killed Master Cordova and fled.| @ | @ Cal, grief-stricken, pursued Bode across the Jedha desert to avenge his comrades. Cornered, Bode drew a saber he took from Dagan and revealed himself to be a Jedi. Injuring Cal, Bode escapes, leaving his former friend for dead...
As a droid battleship, a Lucrehulk-class battleship lacked the need for comfort. However, the Bedlam Raiders - requiring habitation - fashioned a crude, but livable 'village' within the ship's superstructure.
As a long-lived Gen'Dai, Rayvis has watched civilizations rise and fall as the centuries passed, yet his loyalty to Dagan Gera has not once wavered in all the years he has served him. A brutal and skilled fighter, Rayvis attacks with an array of weaponry, from a custom-made flail to rocket barrages. Bound by his warrior's code, there are few who have stood against him and lived.
As a result of what looks like deliberate sabotage, the dam wall has split, allowing huge amounts of tar to spill through the breach and onto whatever lies below.
As meteors streak across the Koboh sky, Santari Khri charges the droid ZN-A4, or Zee, to recover the key to Tanalorr from the Forest Array. Unbeknownst to Zee, Master Khri has just purged all knowledge of how to navigate the Koboh Abyss from the droid's memory banks.
As the Array beam reaches the emitter, several checks are initiated to focus the beam, calibrating its wavelength before it is directed at a target.
As the Empire expands its control over Kashyyyk, it sets it sights on the Shadowlands.
As the Raiders began their ascendance, Doma found it necessary to personally make it clear that the outpost was defended, and not to be messed with.
As the backbone of the Separatist infantry, B1 Battle Droids were typically outfitted with standard E-11 blaster rifles. The B1 droids of Koboh, however, can often be found wielding makeshift batons and reconfigured tactical programming. In this way, the Bedlam Raiders created a more irregular, threatening army, while also compensating for munitions lost during the Lucrehulk's long rest in Koboh's swamp.
As the centuries passed since the Republic abandoned Koboh, so too did the knowledge of its specialized technology. To newcomers, such objects were unknowable.
As the crew were plotting their return to Jedha, Bode decides to take Dagan's saber for himself, as he struggles with the upcoming dark decision he must make. 
As the meteors fell upon Koboh, some Jedi were trapped and unable to flee. Bundled in small cloisters, they had only one another for comfort and strength.
As the needs of the moon station became clear, it was decided to house a fabrication factory on the moon itself, to better facilitate any required maintenance.
As the sky rained fire from above, several stranded Jedi took refuge within one of their meditation chambers.
As they fight through the Lucrehulk, Bode realizes his feelings for Cal are now more than an act, a revelation that is fleetingly joyous, then crushingly frustrating.
As they traveled towards Tanalorr's Jedi Temple, Cal and Merrin chose to offer Bode mercy, for Kata's sake. On arrival, however, it is clear that Bode did not have mercy on his mind, engaging the pair in a brutal, relentless battle.| @ | @ With victory seemingly won by Cal, Bode feigned surrender. His patience having snapped, he pushed Kata away, disarmed Cal and began choking Merrin with the Force. Faced with having to watch Bode kill Merrin, Cal broke free and, using the blaster Bode gave to him on Jedha, shot him dead.| @ | @ Later, as Merrin tended to Kata on the Mantis, Cal said a final goodbye to his former friend. With their struggle over at last, the crew lit traditional Jedi funeral pyres for Master Cordova, Cere, and Bode. As the fires burned through the night, the crew left, one by one. By dawn only Cal remained. There, in the flickering embers, on the morning wind, Cal heard Cere's voice in his mind again, charging him to "guide her through the darkness".| @ | @ As a new day rises, Cal vows to make Tanalorr worthy of Cere's legacy.
As two prospectors attempted to break from their prison, they are set upon in the dark caverns by aggressive, ravenous gorgers. The prisoners make a desperate break for it, but only one survives.
Ascension Cable
Ascension Cable
Ascension Cable
Ascension Cable Unlocked
Ascension Cable Upgraded| @ 
Ashe Javi
Ashe Javi
Ashe Javi 
Ashe Javi and DD-EC
Ashe Javi and their faithful DJ droid, DD-EC, are some of Koboh's more eccentric newcomers. It is not unheard of for them to be found in often-unsafe locations around the valley, sampling whatever sounds catch their curiosity.
Ashe's collaborator, DD-EC fills the cantina with the best music the galaxy has to offer. 
Ask Caij for tips on where to find her current bounties.| @ | @ Bring bounty pucks from successful hunts back to Caij for unique rewards.
Assembly
Assembly
Assembly Staging
Assign a color from each category to best help you differentiate each element.
Associate 3D Artist
Associate Producer
Associate Producers
Associate Visual Effects Artist
Assorted materials in the Imperial style - plastoids and chromes - decorated with regulation livery.
Assorted metals, give a matte or polished finish. Dignified and fundamental.
Assorted metals, rubbers, and plastoids, providing the breadth to create unique casings.
Assorted tints, styled after the Jedi Order. Understated, but present, like those bygone sentinels.
Assorted tints, styled after the Jedi Order. Understated, but present, like those bygone sentinels.
Asteroid stronghold of the ruthless criminal syndicate, the Haxion Brood. Located on the fringe of the Outer Rim, this shadowy star base is chiseled into the remnant of a scattered planetoid decimated by ancient superweapons. A vile hive of lawless chaos, the fortress serves as a center of the syndicate's power structure, including smuggling, gambling and its infamous fight club.
Astrium
Astrium
At Cal's suggestion, Moran sends a comm to Dreyo for the first time since they split up. Maybe Moran's future is brighter than his past.
At least one prospector - perhaps searching for priorite amongst the rubble - was crushed by falling rocks in a hastily dug and improperly secured cave.
At the behest of the Imperial Inquisitorius, Purge troopers relentlessly hunt remnants of the Jedi Order. A clandestine division, Purge troopers are often found alongside Inquisitors, though it is not unheard of for them to track their targets alone. | @ | @ They are given elite training in myriad combat forms, arming themselves with such weapons as the electrostaff, which is designed specifically to counteract Jedi lightsabers.  A streak of zealous cruelty runs through the ranks of the Purge troopers, and they relish combat against those branded traitors of the Empire.
At the core of the Shattered Moon facility, Cal saw a vision of Santari Khri, severing Dagan's arm as he tried to seize the final compass from her. Ascending to the control tower, Cal confronted Rayvis and, in a destructive bout, he finally defeated the Gen'Dai.| @ | @ Humbled, Rayvis revealed that Dagan sent him to open the path to an observatory, high in Koboh's mountains. There, he said, was the final compass. Refusing to aid the Jedi, Rayvis then demanded a warrior's death, which Cal obliged.| @ | @ The Mantis crew makes for Koboh and the final compass, knowing that Dagan Gera stands in their way... 
At the heart of the forest, in a High Republic-era facility, Cal discovered a man with one arm, preserved in a bacta tank. Upon touching the tank, Cal experienced another vision in which Santari Khri and a Jedi explorer Dagan Gera - the man in the tank - discuss the promise of Tanalorr.| @ | @ Through the Force, Dagan implored Cal to free him, which he did. Upon his release, Dagan blamed the Jedi Order for his imprisonment and, despite Cal imploring him to join the fight against the Empire, he bled his lightsaber and attacked. Their duel is interrupted by Rayvis, who had long been searching for Dagan. The fallen Jedi takes his leave, leaving Cal to contemplate events...
At the mouth of the Koboh mountains, where steep slopes meet flat valley plains, lies the Rambler's Reach Outpost. The oldest post-Republic settlement on the planet, the outpost is built around a dust-balled main street and several smaller side streets. The main street is flanked on either side by a well-worn cantina, owned by one Greez Dritus, and a market run by the town's de-facto leader, Doma Dendra. 
Attack
Attack
Attack
Attack Challenge Complete!
Attack enemies with {MeleeAttack} or {SpecialAttack} to lower this meter. Enemies with Stun Meter can still be damaged. Emptying this meter will stun an enemy, making it especially vulnerable to attacks
Attack from behind while creature is distracted by other prey.
Attack in large groups and able to contort.
Attack in swarms, avoid becoming surrounded.
Attacking after a quick evade allows Cal to quickly perform a kick attack.
Attacking out of a sprint allows Cal to perform a special lightsaber attack.
Attacks are more effective at breaking enemies' guard.
Attacks are slow; dodge or outrun them.
Attacks deal additional damage to the block stamina of any target that blocks.
Attacks frequently and continuously, using the Force to strike from a distance.
Atticus Rex
Atticus Rex Defeated
Attunement
Audience Chamber
Audio
Audio
Audio Director
Audio Language
Audio Message
Audio Output
Audio Ping
Audio Ping
Audio Sensors
Auger Pulverizers
Aungur
Aurodium
Auto Heal
Auto-activated Slow Mode in Combat
Auto-grip Climbable Walls
Auto-injector
Auto-lock target in combat
Auto-switch target on enemy death
Automated Forge
Automatic
Automatic Recharge
Automatically Succeed
Automatically fires an audio ping in the direction of the current objective. Can also be manually triggered via the Shortcut Menu.
Auxiliary Array Telescope
Available
Available Gates
Avel
Avoid being hit and focus on enemy creature to tame it
Avoid contact, moving carefully around central pod.
Avoid shock-grenade or use it to strike nearby stormtroopers.
Avoid toxic excretion.
B
B-B-Bep!
B1 Battle Droid
B1 Droid
B1 Droid - Melee
B1 Melee Battle Droid
B2 Battle Droid
B2 Droid
B2 Droid
BATTLE POINTS
BD Visor
BD-1
BD-1
BD-1
BD-1
BD-1
BD-1
BD-1
BD-1
BD-1
BD-1
BD-1
BD-1 Aim
BD-1 Customization
BD-1 Dart and Grinder
BD-1 Electro Dart
BD-1 Electro Dart
BD-1 Fire
BD-1 Koboh Grinder
BD-1 Koboh Grinder Unlocked
BD-1 Materials
BD-1 Set
BD-1 can hold an additional Stim Canister
BD-1 can hold an additional Stim Cannister
BD-1 can now fire a dart to overcharge certain objects.
BD-1 can now overcharge | @ distant electric sources
BD-1 can now spray Koboh matter on surfaces.
BD-1 can now spray Koboh matter.
BD-1 can now turn machinery on and off
BD-1 can perform various moves throughout the game.
BD-1 can project a map of the places he and Cal have explored.
BD-1 can project a map of the places he and Cal have explored. Paths to unexplored areas are marked as orange gates.
BD-1 can run a strong current through certain machinery to turn it on and off.
BD-1 can slice into Probe Droids' threat detection protocol at close range.
BD-1 heals Cal with replenishable stim canisters.
BD-1 holds an extra stim for Cal. Stims will not refill to max until Cal rests.
BD-1 is busy.
BD-1 keeps track of everywhere you have traveled together
BD-1 will automatically map where you two have been and mark important locations in his Holomap.
BD-1 will automatically use stims if Cal's life drops under 50%, but can't hold as many stims.
BD-1's Dart can also make enemy droids easier to hack, out of combat.
BD-1's initial scomp link was broken when he jumped in to save a bogling from a group of bog rats. This replacement part was found on Zeffo. 
BD-1's stim canisters refill even more Force Meter.
BD-1's stim canisters refill some Force Meter.
BD-1:
BD-1:
BD-Astro
BD-Noculars
BEDLAM RAIDERS
BX Droid
BX Droid
BX Droid (Hybrid)
BX Droid (Rifle)
Ba-Gonk
Ba-Gonk Defeated
Back
Back from an unsuccessful journey to locate the Zeffo, Eno Cordova has returned to his former apprentice's side, determined to aid her however he can.
Back-up Servers
Back.
Background Terrain
Backspace
Backstep Slash
Bacta
Bacta is a substance used galaxy-wide to aid in healing and recovery. A patient is suspended, usually unconscious, in the liquid for one or more extended sessions. The viscous substance aids in the regeneration of muscle tissue and nerves.
Bad Fran
Bad Fran Defeated
Bad Protocol
Bad Protocol Defeated
Balance Beam
Balanced
Balanced
Balanced
Balmgrass
Bandit Camp
Bandolier
Bane Back Spider
Barbed Hookfish
Barrel
Basalt Columns
Basalt Forest
Basalt Forest
Basalt Forest
Basalt Pillars
Basalt Rift
Basalt formations on Koboh are brittle. With enough force, they can be maneuvered, shifted, and eventually broken into bits. This patterning indicates that a large creature rammed through the area, trampling anything caught in its rampage, including this enormous rock wall.
Base Antechamber
Basic
Basic
Basic Attack
Basic Attack
Basic Metal
Basic Options
Basic Training
Battle Droid Blues
Battle Points Carried Over:
Be careful as you dismember their limbs - the more functionality they lose, the more aggressive they become.
Be on guard for unblockable attacks.
Be patient - the creatures recovers quickly, so pick moments to attack.
Be wary of her grenade tricks and jet boot attacks.
Be wary of sweeping attacks, utilizing the opportunity to counter if parried.
Beacon
Beacon
Beacon A
Beacon B
Beacon C
Beacon D
Beacon E
Beacon Failed 
Beacons
Beacons are unavailable in this area
Beard
Beast Graveyard
Beast Tame
Beast Tame
Beast Tame Acquired
Beast Tame Plateau
Beast Tame Tower
Beast Whisperer
Beastmaster
Bebebep!
Bedlam Raider
Bedlam Raider Lieutenant (Double-Blade)
Bedlam Raider Lieutenant (Single-Blade)
Bedlam Raider Yurt
Bedlam Raiders
Bedlam Smasher
Bee D-1 (Premium Content)
Beeping
Beetu Deetu
Before the Bedlam Raiders came to prominence, Koboh's locals were bothered by various bandit groups. Though not as unified and organized as Rayvis' army-to-be, it was nevertheless advisable to stay away from their territory.
Before the invention of the compass, the Arrays' wave technology was used to dispel Koboh Matter, allowing researchers times to probe deeper and deeper into the Abyss. Due to the unstable nature of this wave technology, the Republic nearly shut down the experiment, until Dagan Gera's uncharted flight provided the necessary coordinates to construct the Abyss compass.
Begin VSL Final
Behind the Scenes
Beneath Koboh's surface, a warren of caverns are home to all manner of mysterious and unique organisms. The Phon'Qi Caverns - so named for the prospector who rediscovered them - was a particular fascination for the scientists of the Republic due to the unique, bulbous fungus that grows throughout the maze-like caves.
Bep...
Beskar Steel
Besotted
Bestine
Betrayal
Betrayal
Betrayer
Betraying Cal and his friends, Bode takes the compass as the Imperials are closing in. When Cal confronts Bode, he reveals himself to be a Jedi - though how he survived the Purge, and why he betrayed his friends to the Empire, remains unknown.
Beyond the Abyss
Bhima
Bhima Tulli
Bhima and Tulli
Bhima and Tulli have set up a holotable, located upstairs in the cantina. It's worth seeing what games they're playing.
Big Parry Window
Big-mouth Faa
Bilemaw
Bilemaw Burrow
Bilemaw Den
Bilemaw Pools
Bilemaw's Revenge
Bilemaws have a notoriously bad temper, often trampling, crushing, or pulverizing those caught in their rampage. Even trained imperial soldiers stand little chance against a bilemaw defending its den.
Bing
Bing Defeated
Binoculars
Binoculars Zoom In
Binoculars Zoom Out
Binog Mesa
Binog Mural
Bite attack can be blocked
Black Cloth
Blade
Blaster
Blaster
Blaster
Blaster
Blaster
Blaster Cooldown
Blaster Customization
Blaster Damage
Blaster Fire
Blaster Meter
Blaster Set
Blaster Shot
Blaster Shot Type
Blaster Stance
Blaster Stance Acquired
Blaster:
Blaster:
Blasters are now available to customize.
Bleeding Gut
Bleeding Gut
Blind
Blinding Rayfish
Block
Block
Block
Block Bar
Block Challenge Complete!
Block Meter
Block Meter Damage
Block Meter Damage
Block Meter damage
Block Meter is increased.
Block Meter refills faster.
Block Stamina Increased
Block until Cal's stamina runs out
Blocked Gates
Blocked Path
Blocking Bar
Blocking and parrying are less effective: rancors are best outmaneuvered.
Bloody Negotiations
Blue
Blue Bantha
Blue Leader
Blue Silk
Blue-finned Crayfish
Bluebell Squish
Blurrgfire
Blustery Mesa
Board the Senator's Yacht
Boasting a wide arsenal of melee weapons and a predilection for extreme violence, MA-55H was nicknamed "Mash" in honor of his favorite way to dispose of troublesome bounties.
Boba Fett
Boba Fett
Boba Fett
Boba Fett tracks Caij Vanda down on Koboh but does not pursue Cal, leaving a sense of lingering unease between the two as he departs...
Bode
Bode
Bode Akuna
Bode Akuna
Bode Akuna
Bode Akuna
Bode Akuna has betrayed everyone to keep himself and his daughter safe. Revealed to be a Jedi who escaped the Jedi Purge, Bode attacks with both his blaster and a lightsaber taken from Dagan's fallen body. Years of clandestine operation have made him a most unpredictable and lethal warrior.
Bode Akuna was laid to rest on Tanalorr on a funeral pyre, in the tradition of a Jedi.
Bode Akuna's Blaster Pistol
Bode and Master Cordova were eager to share their findings: Santari Khri created a special compass to navigate the Koboh Abyss, allowing the Jedi of the High Republic to establish an Outpost Temple on Tanalorr. However, the planet was somehow invaded by Nihil attackers, forcing the Jedi to fall back. In the aftermath, the Jedi Council ordered Khri to destroy the remaining devices.| @ | @ But according to Master Cordova, one compass remained unaccounted for; finding it would grant them passage through the Abyss. Merrin, seeing the potential of Tanalorr as a safe haven for Hidden Path refugees, joins the crew as they resolve to find the final compass...
Bode can reflect blaster bolts, but his block meter will still decrease when he does, providing opportunities to attack.
Bode comforts his daughter, Kata, after her mother - Bode's wife - is killed.
Bode finally realizes that Cal has feelings for Merrin, and simultaneously realizes how he can use that against him.
Bode has come too far to falter at the last moment. Among the ancient stones of Tanalorr, he will fight with a former Jedi's power to defend his daughter, with nothing off-limits in the desperate quest to keep Kata safe.
Bode has struck down Master Cordova and taken the compass. Cal must catch Bode before he escapes.
Bode makes the fateful decision to betray Cal, his crew, and Cere, summoning the Inquisitors down upon Jedha. For a moment, he almost decides against it.
Bode reports in to Denvik after locating Cere Junda. He keeps her location a secret, however, as a contingency plan - ensuring his leverage over Denvik isn't lost, for now.
Bode reports in to Denvik prior to his first operation with Cal's crew. Denvik is unsure of Bode's ability to succeed where others have failed, but Bode has confidence.
Bode reports in to Denvik, sharing an update on the fate of the heist crew. Denvik commends the success of the mission so far, which Bode credits to his ability before and during the Jedi purge.
Bode sees Tanalorr as the only place left in the galaxy that the Empire can't reach. Throwing his lot in with Cal, Bode becomes a crew member of the Stinger Mantis.
Bode sings the lullaby Ghost Star, but dedicates a revised final line to his wife, Tayala.
Bode talks with Doma about how he obtained his jetpack; a typically blood-soaked affair that worked out well for Bode, but not his opponent.
Bode tries once more to convince Cal to join him, hoping to spare the Jedi a betrayal at his hands.
Bode will meet you further into the Lucrehulk.
Bode will rejoin you at the Lucrehulk.
Bode will rejoin you at the Observatory.
Bode's Story
Bode's grenades are unique - they stick to surfaces and cannot be manipulated by the Force.
Bode, keen to make his escape, touches the mind of an imperial agent, compelling him to allow access.
Body
Body
Bodyguard Armor
Bog Rat
Bog Rats and Splox
Bogano
Bogano
Bogano
Bogano
Bogano Bloom
Bogano Dawn
Bogdo Sinkholes
Bogling
Bogling Companion
Bogling Companion
Bogling Corpse
Bogling Studies
Bogling Tunnel
Bogling tunnels connect their nests and serve as a natural defense against predators. Able to dig five meters per day, boglings collaborate in "heckles", or large packs, spending approximately one-third of their life span digging the intricate tunnel network.
Boglings
Boglings are small creatures endemic to Bogano. Natural escape artists, they evolved to run on their toes. This technique allows them to quickly change direction or jump while navigating Bogano's mix of rocky and marsh-like terrain. Their furry bodies compensate for the heat lost through their bare feet.
Boglings were an accidental and invasive addition to the Koboh ecosystem, but not all of the planet's residents looked upon them with disdain.
Boiled Bantha Leather
Boiled Bloggin Hide
Boiled Nerf Hide
Boiling Bluff
Bold Jedi
Bomber
Bone
Bonshyyyr
Bonus Content
Boost
Borders
Boss Defeated
Both survivors of fallen orders, Merrin and Cal begin to trust one another. Having defeated the sinister Malicos, they realize the benefit of working together. Inspired by Cal's words, Merrin decides to leave Dathomir with the Mantis crew and pursue her own path in the galaxy.
Bounties
Bounties
Bounties Available
Bounties can now be tracked through the Journey Screen.| @ | @ Press {UI_OpenMenu} to access. 
Bounty
Bounty
Bounty Details
Bounty Details
Bounty Hunter
Bounty Hunter
Bounty Hunter
Bounty Hunter Defeated
Bounty Hunter Defeated
Bounty Puck
Bounty Pucks
Bounty Pucks
Bounty Pucks For Caij
Bounty hunters in the employ of the nefarious Haxion Brood are as varied as they are unscrupulous. Equipped with a jetpack, Haxion Brood bounty hunters dominate the air. This, combined with a high-powered blaster rifle, wrist-mounted rockets and flamethrower, makes them masters of relentless, deadly assaults. When they strike, it often seems to be as if from thin air.
Boxy
Braag
Bracca
Bracca
Bracca
Bracca Badlands
Bracca Cargo Trains
Bracca Orbit
Bracca Scrapper
Bracca Scrapper
Bracca is a poor Mid Rim world dominated by rocky plains. It was the site of a fierce campaign during the Clone Wars. Battles in orbit and on the surface raged as the Separatists attempted to wrest away Republic control of the system. The Separatists were aided by sympathizers from within the Scrapper Guild, nearly leading to their victory over the planet. In retaliation, the newly formed Empire cut wages and lowered safety standards within Bracca's scrapyards.
Bracca is home to the Ibdis Maw, a superorganism that superficially resembles Tatooine's sarlaccs. The various 'mouths' of the Ibdis Maw connect to a vast, distributed digestive system that resides hundreds of meters below Bracca's surface. The mouths of the Maw that reside in the scrapyard have swollen to immense size, fed by a steady diet of starship material.
Bracca's cargo trains serve as a high-speed transport network for parts being shipped off world. The average shipment travels through 25 security checkpoints before being exported to the Core Worlds for resale.
Bramble Gate
Bramlik
Brave New World
Braving the Heights
Bravo
Bravo
Bravo
Bravo
Break the enemy's block 3 times
Breakable Structure
Breakable Structure
Breaking Point
Breaking the large left claw will expose the creature, but is a most dangerous tactic.
Breaking, Not Entering
Bridge
Bridge
Bridges to the Past
Brightness
Brights
Bring Compass to Cordova on Jedha
Bring Contact Codes to Cere
Bring Contact Codes to Cere
Bring Gyro Module to Greez
Bring any Ancient Scrolls discovered on your journey to Sister Taske, where they can be exchanged for unique rewards.
Broken Artifacts
Broken Dredging Machine
Broken Dredging Machine
Broken Droid
Broken High Republic Device
Broken Mining Droid
Broken Vow
Broken Wing
Bronzium
Bronzium
Broonsie
Broonsie Defeated
Brother Armias shepherds a group of refugees through a perilous path. In an act of noble sacrifice, he sends them ahead and ensures the Empire will not follow.
Brother's Bastion
Brothers
Brown Cloth
Brula Fruit
Brula fruit was a common reagent in Nightsister potions. In small doses, its nectar could act as an antivenom to the bites of Dathomir's many poisonous snakes. Overconsumption, however, resulted in symptoms of "swamp madness" - convulsions, blurred vision, and hallucinations. 
Brushed Durasteel
Buildings on the outskirts of the Basalt Forest, partly built directly into the cliffsides. Their construction - a mixture of stone and mud - ages them as older than any other structure on the planet, predating even the Republic settlements. Little is known about that time.
Built by Jedi - The making of Jedi: Fallen Order
Built by the Jedi Masters who constructed the temple on Ilum a thousand years ago, this window magnified natural outside light for heat. A beam of intense light generated through the large glass portal was then directed to specific areas of ice that melted under the heat.
Bullet Regeneration
Bumpy Black Rubber
Bumpy Cream Rubber
Bumpy Gray Rubber
Bumpy Olive Rubber
Bumpy Rubber
Bumpy Tan Rubber
Bun
Burial Pods
Burial place
Burial pods were an essential part of Nightsister funerary rites. Readying each component of a pod was a painstaking practice. The cloth wraps were washed three times in magickal waters, the twine hand-braided while reciting a spell of protection, and the bodies cleansed with fragrant oils.
Buried Invasion
Buried Refuge
Buried in the center of a frozen asteroid cluster, the Imperial Security Bureau established a listening post and operations hub - where better to remain out of sight?
Burled Wood
Burly and heavily built, its forceful attacks will affect even the toughest defenses.
Burly and heavily built, its forceful attacks will affect even the toughest defenses.
Burst Slow
Button Mash Options
Button Mash Options
Button Mash Options
Buzzcut
By combining Cere and Jaro's hilts, Cal created a lightsaber that can be split in two.
By some twist of geography or fate, three of Koboh's greatest predators are repeatedly drawn to this feeding ground. Perhaps the propensity of smaller creatures, or foolhardly prospectors, brought them, but what is certain is that these three apex beasts will feed, no matter what. 
By the time of the Empire, prospectors had long left the mountain, due either to failure or Raider insistence. Their equipment, however, remains scattered across the peaks.
Bygone Settlement
CAMERA HEIGHT
CSF Bruiser
CSF Captain
CSF Inspector
CSF Officer
CSF Sergeant
Cactus Ball
Caged Nekko
Caij
Caij
Caij
Caij Bounties Unlocked
Caij Defeated
Caij Vanda
Caij Vanda
Caij Vanda
Caij Vanda
Caij Vanda Bounties
Caij Vanda has hunted bounties for decades, but presented herself to Cal as a hunter in retirement. This, however, was a fiction. Having used Cal to clear away the threats and the competition of other hunters, she now seeks to claim the elusive Jedi bounty for herself. 
Caij Vanda is offering hard-to-find items, if Cal is willing to take on the Haxion Brood.
Caij Vanda was impressed with your work taking down the bounty hunter in Stone Spires. If you're interested in more work, talk to her at Pyloon's Saloon.
Caij betrays Cal, revealing that she alerted the Brood to Cal's presence on Koboh. After a duel, Caij is immobilized by Boba Fett, who has tracked the bounty hunter for unknown reasons.
Caij can deflect blaster bolts - corner her to keep her in melee range.
Caij left a datapad at her booth: 'Hey, killer. Meet me where it all began. I've got a surprise for you.'
Caij mentioned that Corde and PR-85T were last seen somewhere on Jedha.
Caij mentioned that Gatt Medo was last seen on the mid-levels of Coruscant.
Caij mentioned that Jo the Cannibal has taken over the Lucrehulk with a gang of hunters and Raiders.
Caij mentioned that Kili Oso has been spotted on Jedha.
Caij mentioned that Kip Ostar was seen slinking about in Dredger Gorge.
Caij mentioned that Masi, Fenn, and Cleo have infiltrated the ISB facility on Nova Garon.
Caij mentioned that Meyen Corr was last seen making moves in Rambler's Reach Valley.
Caij mentioned that Selfin Jook has been spotted buzzing above the Mountain Observatory.
Caij mentioned that Vaslyn Martz has been seen on the mountain.
Caij mentioned that Yuhong was last spotted in the Jedha desert.
Caij mentioned that a bounty hunting droid named Raz was stomping around the Forest Array.
Caij mentioned that droid bounty hunter Mash was seen on the Shattered Moon.
Caij's Bounty Board
Caij's Bounty Board
Caij's Units
Cal
Cal
Cal
Cal
Cal Customization
Cal Kestis
Cal Kestis
Cal Kestis
Cal Kestis
Cal Kestis is a young scrapper working on the remote world of Bracca, but hiding a dangerous secret: he was a Jedi Padawan. When his close friend, Prauf is about to be killed in a tragic accident, Cal uses the Force to save him. The event reveals Cal as a Jedi to the deadly killers of the Empire, the Inquisitors, and he barely escapes aboard a rogue starship thanks to two new friends.
Cal Kestis, a former Jedi Padawan, has been hiding out on Bracca since Order 66. Cal joined a scrapping crew and lived in hiding for years, but blew his cover when he used the Force to save his friend Prauf from a deadly fall. This prompted the ruthless Second and Ninth Sisters to attack him. Cal was narrowly saved by two mysterious individuals: Cere Junda and Greez Dritus. Now, they find themselves on the remote planet Bogano, ready to discover the secrets of an ancient Vault...
Cal Outfit
Cal and BD brought the Astrium to the Vault and found the holocron. Cal was swept into a vision. Younglings training, only to be ambushed by the Empire! A battle, death, torture, Cal as an Inquisitor. When he awoke, Trilla stood before him. Cal pulled her lightsaber, thrusting him into a Force echo: Cere and Trilla tortured, Trilla's turn, Cere's escape. When he returned, Trilla and the holocron were gone. Cal ran back to the ship and told Cere. She reached out to the Force, took up Trilla's lightsaber and knighted Cal...
Cal and BD found their way to the ruins, where Cal faced a dark version of Jaro Tapal. This phantom shattered Cal's lightsaber, leaving him defenseless. Cal and BD fled the ruin, running into the Wanderer. He revealed himself as Taron Malicos, a former Jedi now studying the dark side. Malicos asked Cal to join his quest for power, but was cut off by Merrin. She raised a horde of undead to destroy him and Cal. Cal and BD rushed back to the Mantis. After Cal's confession about Order 66, Cere says it's time for him to build his own lightsaber... 
Cal and BD nearly made it to the next tomb when they were ambushed by Nightbrothers. While the two were safe, they were forced to wander through the dangerous Dathomirian swamps. They were once again found by the Nightsister Merrin who began raising undead Nightsisters to attack them as they traveled. Inside a dark cave, BD found Climbing Claws on a Nightbrother corpse - just as the dreaded Gorgara came home to roost. During the fight, Gorgara snatched them into an aerial battle, culminating in a crash that killed the bat-like beast.
Cal and Bode head to join the rest of the crew, already en route to the senator's yacht.
Cal and Merrin head to Cere's base, but a storm is approaching.
Cal and the crew have learned how to navigate the Koboh Abyss. Can they find the compass before Dagan Gera?
Cal automatically deflects blaster bolts while he is sprinting or wall-running.
Cal bursts forward when starting to sprint, knocking back any enemies who come into contact with him.
Cal can defend instantly with the Dual-Wield stance, even when attacking. Press block to defend at any time. 
Cal can now glide with Relters
Cal can now ride nekko mounts
Cal can now use Blaster Stance in combat. Blaster Stance allows for ranged attacks and upgradable blaster bolts. 
Cal can now use Dual Stance in combat. Dual Stance allows for fast strikes and an upgradeable Force Parry, but offers less total Stamina. 
Cal can now use the Crossguard Stance in combat. The Crossguard Stance is capable of slower and more powerful attacks, and has increased Stamina for defense.
Cal can perform another powerful attack after an Overhead Slash.
Cal can use the Force to slow objects and sentients.
Cal cannot parry during the start of an attack (except with Twin Blade equipped).
Cal carries trauma from the horrifying experience of Order 66 when he and his Master, Jaro Tapal, were attacked by their own troops. With Tapal's help, Cal escaped, but his Master was killed. In his dying moment, Tapal gave Cal his lightsaber and these words of advice: "Trust only in the Force."
Cal dashes forward and attacks his target.  Jump while dashing to flip over the target instead.
Cal decides to take a look at droid components that he just picked up at the workbench.
Cal encounters BD-1 while exploring the mysterious world Bogano. BD-1 is curious, good-natured and utterly fearless in the face of danger. He has quickly grown attached to Cal and seems intent on leading the young Jedi towards something or someone waiting inside the ancient Vault that looms over Bogano's horizon.
Cal gains more force by timing his dodge perfectly
Cal has healed his connection with the Force
Cal has healed his connection with the Force
Cal has healed his connection with the Force
Cal has many traversal tools at his disposal.
Cal has recovered the Abyss compass
Cal heads to Dagan's retreat in his search for a way through the Koboh Abyss.
Cal helps Cere come to terms with her violent past and let go. Armed with Trilla's lightsaber, she uses it to knight Cal. Together as Jedi, they venture to the evil depths of the Fortress Inquisitorius to retrieve the holocron and complete their quest.
Cal learns Cere lied, hiding that her former Padawan Trilla is the Second Sister. When Cere was tortured by the Empire, she was forced to betray Trilla. The Empire then captured Trilla and turned her into an Inquisitor. Cere, devastated, used the dark side of the Force in order to escape. Fearful she will slip back to the dark, Cere vowed to never use the Force again.
Cal makes a vow that he will honor Cere's legacy by rebuilding the Jedi archive and protecting the Hidden Path on Tanalorr.
Cal navigates the moon's array in his search for the compass, but Rayvis is waiting.
Cal performs a special attack while switching his lightsaber type.
Cal realizes that Tanalorr could be an opportunity to protect the ones he loves from the Empire. With Greez returning to the Mantis pilot seat and Bode joining the crew, Cal can see a more hopeful future on the horizon.
Cal recovers a mysterious High Republic device
Cal recovers additional Life when using a stim canister from BD-1.
Cal recovers additional Life when using a stim canister from BD-1.
Cal recovers this ability after Trilla orders her troops to destroy the sarcophagus he's standing on in the Tomb of Miktrull.
Cal regains more Force when he defeats an enemy, and regains some Force when he hits a blocking enemy.
Cal regains this ability while investigating the Tomb of Eilram on Zeffo.
Cal remembers this ability after a potentially deadly fall at the Origin Tree.
Cal returned to face the shade of Jaro Tapal. He realized the only way to defeat Jaro was to embrace his past and move forward. He knelt before Jaro's spectre, causing the apparition to vanish. As Cal and BD moved into the Tomb of Kujet, they came upon Merrin. This time, however, she was willing to talk. Cal learned that she might be the only survivor of the Nightsister massacre carried out by General Grievous during the Clone Wars. Merrin learned about the Jedi purge and Cal disavowed Malicos as a fallen Jedi.
Cal searches for a way out of Undercity Meats to reunite with his allies.
Cal splits his lightsaber hilt in two when throwing, allowing him to move and attack with the second blade while the first one is in flight.
Cal throws his lightsaber forward before pulling it back to him, hitting any enemies along the way.
Cal throws the double-bladed lightsaber in an area around him.
Cal's Outfit
Cal's Pants
Cal's Shirt
Cal's Units
Cal's Vest
Cal's blaster will refill on ammo slowly over time.
Cal's de-facto uniform from his days on Bracca, fitted with myriad loops and buckles for scaling once-mighty warships.
Cal's defenses are improved, allowing him to take less block stamina damage from incoming attacks.
Cal's everyday hair.
Cal's found a spare gyro. Now he just needs to find a way back to the saloon.
Cal's go-to undershirt. Uncomplicated and effective.
Cal's lightsaber - gifted to him by his former Master, Jaro Tapal. 
Cal's lightsaber splits to enable devastating Force attacks
Cal's maximum Force is further increased.
Cal's maximum Force is further increased.
Cal's maximum Force is increased.
Cal's maximum Life is increased.
Cal's maximum Life is increased.
Cal's maximum Life is increased.
Cal's next destination is the Shattered Moon as he searches for the last-remaining Abyss compass.
Cal's return to the outpost was greeted by the fully-repaired Mantis touching down. Rejoining his friends, he shared what he had learned with the others: Tanalorr, the hidden world, lay beyond the Koboh Abyss, hidden from Imperial designs. Bode, and eventually Greez, threw their lots in with Cal to secure Tanalorr as a new, safe home. | @ | @ To gather information on Tanalorr and the Jedi of the High Republic-era, Cal decides it's time to reconnect with his old mentor, Cere Junda, on the desert moon of Jedha...
Cal, BD, and Cere infiltrated the Fortress Inquisitorius as Merrin cloaked the Mantis. Trilla waited for them inside, where she and Cal had a climactic battle and Cal took back the holocron. Cere stepped in and apologized for the pain she caused Trilla. Just as it seemed the plea might reach her, Darth Vader appeared and murdered Trilla. Cere and Cal ran for their lives. Vader nearly trapped them, but Cere used the Force to protect Cal. A favor he returned once the Fortress flooded. Merrin and Greez rescued them and the holocron.
Cal, Bode and Bravo fight their way to the Mantis.
Cal:
Cal: 
Calibration
Camera
Camera Auto Adjust
Camera Field of View Adjustment
Camera Follow Lock
Camera Height
Camera Position
Camera Shake
Camera distance and FOV (field of view) can adapt to whether you're sitting far from your screen (a TV in a living room) or close to your screen (a monitor on a desk).
Can be dealt with fairly quickly, but there are alternatives to fighting...
Can block limited lightsaber attacks but defense is easily diminished.
Can continue the fight even when beheaded. But, even though they become more aggressive, they also become more predictable.
Can counterattack even after being parried; don't let your guard down.
Cancel
Cancel
Candles were often lit as a sign of respect and reverence to Sage Miktrull.
Cannot Skip
Cannot be changed
Cannot unbind button from {action}
Cannot unbind button from {action}
Cannot unbind button from {action}
Cantina
Cantina Garden
Cantina Garden
Cantina Jukebox
Cantonica
Canyon Maze
Capable of being physically maneuvered and used as a weapon.
Capable of counterattacks after being parried; remain vigilant.
Capable of extending toward prey within reach or close contact.
Capable of launching ranged attacks of venomous saliva.
Capable of two different attacks: will bite at a prey's heel, or lock them down with a leap that cannot be blocked.
Caps Lock
Captain Dritus
Captions & Subtitles
Captured along with Cal by the criminal syndicate, the Haxion Brood, BD-1 is separated and thrown into a droid prison cell. Known for mercilessly scrapping droid parts, the Brood's targeted him for dismantlement. Luckily, Cal finds him before the Brood can hurt him, and the two plot their escape together.
Carbon Freeze
Caretaker
Caretakers of the Path memorialized fallen pilgrims with a bell symbolizing their voice, that it may carry on the winds to be heard by all.
Caretakers used GNK droids to transport their materials and house their data; often their only sentient company, the bonds between master and droid were hard-forged.
Cargo
Cargo Elevator
Cargo Elevator
Cargo Loading Deck
Cargo Pad
Cataclysm
Catacombs Echo Title
Catacombs echo entry
Catacombs of the Weary
Cautious Jedi
Cavalry
Cave Arena
Cave Turbolift Network
Cave-in
Cavern Fungus
Cehrazad
Cehrazad Defeated
Center Part
Centered
Centered Defense
Central Command
Central Dam
Central Manse
Central Rotational Apparatus
Central Swamp
Cerakote
Cere
Cere Cordova Location Description
Cere Cordova Location Title
Cere Junda
Cere Junda
Cere Junda
Cere Junda
Cere Junda
Cere Junda
Cere Junda
Cere Junda is a former Jedi who survived Order 66. After years in seclusion, she teamed up with starship captain Greez Dritus on a secret mission to rebuild the Jedi Order. After saving Cal from the Imperial Inquisitorius, she begins to mentor him.
Cere Junda might know something about Tanalorr. Now Cal heads to Jedha to reunite with his estranged mentor.
Cere and the Anchorites discover what will become their home base in the Archive. The Anchorites express that they will aid Cere, as part of their broader belief.
Cere crosses the Jedha desert with a goal in mind. She believes that the Force will guide her.
Cere gifted Cal her lightsaber hilt, though her kyber crystal had been sold long ago to pay for Greez's debts. Inside the caves, Cal followed the call of his crystal through a crack in an ice wall. The ice beneath Cal and BD shattered, sending Cal plummeting into icy water. BD saved Cal just in time, but the crystal split in two. That triggered a log from Cordova, revealing BD sacrificed his memories to store logs vital to Cal's quest. Cal combined Cere's and Jaro's hilts, creating a lightsaber with single, double, and dual-wield capabilities.
Cere nearly defeated the Sith Lord Darth Vader, ultimately giving her life to safeguard the Hidden Path contact codes and allow others to escape.
Cere reminds Cal that his efforts fighting all these years haven't been for nothing. Cal learns of the Hidden Path, an organization that protects Force Sensitives from the Inquisitorius. Cere and Merrin wonder whether Tanalorr could serve not only Cal and his family, but Hidden Path refugees as well.
Cere reveals her mentor was a Jedi named Eno Cordova, a loner who studied lost cultures and often challenged the wisdom of the Jedi Council. While the two remained in contact throughout her years as a Jedi Knight, they were never very close. 
Cere shares an awful memory about her past. During the Jedi Purge, she was captured and tortured by the Empire. She was able to escape, but her Padawan was not so lucky. Years later, the event has left her scarred and reluctant to use the Force.
Cere's Archive
Cere's Archive
Cere's Base
Cere's Base
Cere's Journey
Cere's Padawan
Cere's Padawan
Cere's Past
Ceremonial Fountain
Certain areas of the temple were restricted to all but the Caretakers, meaning seldom few had access to these most holy of sites.
Certain paths will be inaccessible to Cal until he possesses the right abilities
Challenge
Chamber Mural
Chamber Mural
Chamber mural entry
Chamber of Clarity
Chamber of Clarity
Chamber of Connection
Chamber of Connection
Chamber of Detachment
Chamber of Detachment
Chamber of Duality
Chamber of Fortitude
Chamber of Fortitude
Chamber of Reason
Chamber of Reason
Change Shot
Change Stance
Change your Lightsaber Stances at Meditation Points.
Channel the Force to perform various abilities.
Channelled Energy
Chapter 1
Chapter 1
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 2
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 3
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 4
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 5
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 6
Character Artist
Characters
Characters
Charge
Charge Shot
Charge Shot Area
Charge up your blaster for a more powerful shot
Charged Reflection
Charged Throw
Charged up Force Powers may be useful to counter some of his own.
Charisma
Check in with Pili
Check on Cordova's Progress
Check on Cordova's Progress
Check on Wini & Zygg at Pyloon's
Check on Zee
Check on the Jawa Settlement
Check on the Mantis
Check out the Saloon's Aquarium
Checkpoint Officer
Chest
Chest
Chests
Chests
Chests
Chieftain's Canopy
Child's Hideaway
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Chonk
Chonk Defeated
Choose Colorblind Mode
Choppy Forward
Choyyssyk
Choyyssyk
Chromatic Aberration 
Chromium
Chromium
Cinematic Designer
Cinematic Lead
Circle Button
Clad in bronzium armor, and protected by a powerful shield, the Colicoid-made droideka - known also as 'destroyer droids' - are a terror on the battlefield. Their twin repeating blasters fire fast and powerful, while their personal energy shield protects them from most return fire. During the Clone Wars, even the Jedi were wary of engaging a droideka head-on.
Classic riding trousers with high boots.
Clean
Clean up the Mantis
Cleaner
Cleaving Swing
Cleland Cudds
Cleland Cudds
Cliffside Fortress
Climb
Climb
Climb
Climb Mountain to Observatory
Climb faster and on new types of wall surfaces
Climb the Origin Tree
Climb to ceiling
Climbable
Climbing Claws
Clone Trooper
Clone Trooper 1
Clone Trooper 2
Clone Trooper 3
Clone Trooper 4
Close
Close
Close (Desktop)
Close BD's Holomap.
Close Holomap when ready to proceed
Close Map
Close the distance by pulling them in using the Force.
Closing in
Cloth Wrap
Clothing
Cloud Bridge
Clouds Interior
Clunk
Clunk Defeated
Coated Metal
Code
Collapsed Passage
Collapsed Settlement
Collect
Collect {remaining} more to increase maximum Force.
Collect {remaining} more to increase maximum Life.
Collected
Collected from a Nightbrother corpse on Dathomir, but not before disturbing the nest of the monstrous Gorgara.
Collected fused and complimentary alloys, like brass and chrome, popular with the wealthy and aristocratic.
Collected paints inspired by the myriad droids of the galaxy - dominant colors that are sure to draw attention.
Collected paints inspired by the myriad droids of the galaxy - dominant colors that are sure to draw attention.
Collectibles
Collecting Usage Data
Collection
Collision Designer
Collision Designers
Color
Color
Color & Brightness
Color Blind Profile
Color Profile Settings
Color Severity
Colorblind Mode
Colorblind Profiles, Camera Field of View, Hold Inputs, Dialogue Skip and other settings are available on the Title Screen.| @ | @ You can change these settings at any time.
Colorblind Type
Combat
Combat Arena
Combat Designer
Combat Designers
Combat Difficulty
Combustion
Comfortable pants and boots suited for long treks in any condition.
Commander
Commando
Commands nearby stormtroopers, allowing focused and synchronized fire on targets.
Common Plastoid
Communal Space
Companero
Companion Assist
Companion Combat Assist
Companion Interact
Companions of the Caretakers
Companionship
Compass Acquired
Compass Acquired
Compassion
Complete
Completed
Complimentary alloys, like brass and chrome, fused together. Popular with the wealthy and aristocratic.
Components
Concealed Antechamber
Concept Artist
Concept Artists
Concerned Prospector
Concerted Effort
Concerted Effort
Conclude Tanalorr Research on Koboh
Conclude Tanalorr Research on Shattered Moon
Condition
Confirm
Confounded Mind
Confront Bode on Tanalorr
Confront Dagan at Koboh Observatory
Confront Dagan at Koboh Observatory
Confronted by Cal on Nova Garon, Bode reveals that he served as a Jedi agent for the Republic during the Clone Wars. After Order 66, he assumed a new identity and went into hiding. For a time, he lived with his wife and daughter on Birren, until an Inquisitor arrived looking for him. Unable to find him, they killed his wife instead. Bode took Kata and fled, and eventually came to work for Commander Denvik in exchange for his daughter's safety.
Confuse
Confuse
Confuse
Confused enemies deal additional damage.
Confusion
Confusion Damage
Confusion Mastery
Confusion: Major Fauna
Congratulations!| @ You have completed your training.
Connectors
Content for your language has not finished installing yet.
Continue
Continue
Continue blocking after successfully reflecting a blaster bolt to reflect additional bolts back at your enemies
Continue exploring the Galaxy to unlock this feature
Continue exploring the galaxy to discover this treasure and who finds it valuable
Continue exploring to learn more
Continue exploring to learn more
Continue exploring to unlock this item
Continue from the last good save. You may lose some progress but will avoid game breaking issues.
Continue in the broken state. This is not recommended. Things will likely be broken.
Continue pressing {MeleeAttack} to add additional attacks to the end of the double-bladed attack chain.
Continuing to hold {Grab} once Cal reaches a platform will briefly slow time before leaping off. A blue trail will indicate the direction of the next Grapple Perch.
Contrary to Imperial propaganda, local businesses are not safe from the avarice and greed of their Imperial 'protectors', who flex their might to squeeze credits from unassuming vendors.
Control Room
Control Scheme
Controlled Throw
Controller
Controller
Controller
Controller Look Sensitivity X
Controller Look Sensitivity X
Controller Look Sensitivity Y
Controller Look Sensitivity Y
Controller Speaker
Controls
Controls
Conversations
Conversations
Cool 1
Cool 3
Copper
Copper
Corde the Half
Cordova felt isolated and alone. He spent time fondly reflecting on his Padawan and the memories of their adventures.
Cordova proves an astute researcher and helps the group unravel the mystery of Tanalorr and the pathway through the Koboh Abyss.
Cordova's Journey
Cordova's Padawan
Cordova's Travel's on Jedha I
Cordova's Travel's on Jedha II
Cordova's Travel's on Jedha III
Cordova's Travel's on Jedha IV
Cordova's Wonder
Cordova's droid kit. He hoped someone would come along who could figure out the secret to the vault.
Corellia
Cornered by a relentless Imperial weapon, Merrin kisses Cal and asks him to trust her. They escape with their lives, and now their relationship has started down a new path.
Corporate Alliance Tank Droid
Corroded Silo
Corrupt Data Found
Corrupted
Corsair
Corundum
Corundum
Coruscant
Coruscant
Coruscant
Coruscant Blue Gray
Coruscant Citizen
Coruscant Orchid
Coruscant Paint
Coruscant Pale Coral
Coruscant Pink
Coruscant Rooftops
Coruscant Skylanes
Coruscant Undercity
Coruscant White
Cosmetics are randomized on death.
Cost
Counter at the right moment to parry certain attacks.
Countering their aggression with relentless melee attacks can work, but beware their pistol whip combo.
Crafted from Devaron happabore leather.
Crash Site
Crash Site
Crashed Elevator
Crashed Ship
Crashed TIE Fighter
Crashed Vulture Droid
Created by Holowan Mechanicals, the IG-100 MagnaGuards were some of the most proficient battle droids in the Separatist army. Primarily used to defend high-ranking Separatist leaders, their electrostaffs were capable of holding their own against Jedi lightsabers. Their surprising agility, combined with their ability to persist even with lost limbs, gave even the fiercest Jedi warriors a challenge.
Creature Bones
Credentials Checkpoint
Credits
Crew Cut
Crimson (Premium Content)
Crimson (Premium Content)
Crimson Jelly Spire
Crodium
Cross Button
Crossguard
Crossguard
Crossguard
Crossguard
Crossguard Stance Acquired
Crumbling Dam Wall
Crumbling Precipice
Crushed Prospector
Crusher Hagop
Crusher Hagop Defeated
Crypt of Uhrma
Crystal Caves
Crystals arranged within the temple enhance light to focus heat on specific areas. As the light beam melts the ice, it opens hidden passageways known only to the Jedi.
Curiosity Sours
Curious to a fault and fearless, BD-1 will scan anything that moves, even if his target could eat him.
Current Level
Current Lightsaber Stances:
Current Location
Current Objective
Current Objective
Custom
Customer
Customization
Customization View
Customize
Customize Cal
Customize Elements
Customize Vents
Customize your own controls.
Cut
Cut special flora to collect Seed Pods, which contain multiple seeds. Some pods contain new colors
Cuttable
Cuttable
Cyan
Cyclone Slash
D-L1T
DATABANK
DATABANK MAIN
DATABANK UPDATED
DATABANK UPDATED: CHARACTERS
DATABANK UPDATED: CORDOVA LOG
DATABANK UPDATED: FORCE ECHO
DATABANK UPDATED: LORE
DATABANK UPDATED: QUEST
DATABANK UPDATED: SCAN
DD-EC
DD-EC
DD-EC
DD-EC'S Mix
DEFEATED
DL-44
DT Sentry Droid
DT Sentry Droid
DT Sentry Droid - Hammer & Missiles
DT Sentry Droid - Hammer & Staff
DT Sentry Droid - Staff & Blaster
DT-series sentry droids, manufactured by Baktoid Combat Automata, are used as elite guard droids across the Galactic Empire. Broadly built, and cast in black plating, DT sentries are an imposing sight. Aside from powerful hydraulic arms, used to pummel targets, their weapon configurations can be altered, depending on the specific needs of an assignment.
Dag's House
Dagan Gera
Dagan Gera
Dagan Gera
Dagan Gera
Dagan Gera
Dagan Gera
Dagan Gera
Dagan Gera and Santari Khri discuss their plans for Tanalorr - Dagan expresses frustration that such vital work is being delayed too much.
Dagan Gera has never been closer to returning to Tanalorr, and his power is returned fully - he is a skilled warrior with both his lightsabers and the Force. Such is his power, he can manipulate even the strongest of minds.
Dagan Gera has vanished, after what was described by some as a rampage. Yet others hold out hope he will appear to defend them, as he has done before.
Dagan Gera is a Jedi of the High Republic, freed from two centuries of stasis in bacta. Seemingly fallen to the dark side, he attacks wildly, but with all of the expertise of a former Jedi of the Order.
Dagan Gera spared no foe on his tear towards the Observatory above the clouds.
Dagan Gera's purpose is reignited since his awakening in the forest, and he now pursues a path back to Tanalorr with dogged zeal. Now fully recovered from years of sedation inside the bacta tank, he brings the full skill of one of the Orders' finest warriors to bear.
Dagan and Santari's dream of Tanalorr requires an almost impossible task - to navigate the lethal Koboh Abyss, unaided, in order to record the safe passage for others. Dagan volunteers to be that pilot.
Dagan had no mercy for anyone standing in his way of reaching Tanalorr.
Dagan's Descent
Dagan's Long Shot
Daho Sejan, the senator from Utapau, was notorious for bending rival politicians to his will by any means necessary.
Dam Flow Pipes
Damage
Damage
Damage
Damage Assessment
Damage Received
Damage enemies to replenish your Force Meter
Damaging the enemy who defeated you will restore your lost XP and refill your Life and Force to their maximum. 
Dana
Dana
Dana
Dancing Blades
Dangerous from a distance; make attempts to close distance quickly.
Dark 2
Dark 3
Dark 4
Dark Cave
Dark Iron
Dark Trooper
Dark Waters
Darsh
Darsh Defeated
Darth Sidious
Darth Vader
Darth Vader
Darth Vader
Darth Vader
Daschorb
Daschorb Defeated
Dash
Dash Strike
Dash Strike
Dash {Evade} into Merrin's magical wake to follow her
Databank
Databank
Databank
Databank Entries
Databank Updated: New Droid Memory
Databank Updated: New Scan
Datadisc
Datadiscs
Dathomir
Dathomir
Dathomir
Dathomir
Dathomirian Glyphs
Dathomirian Red
Day of the Dianoga
Dead Bedlam Raider
Dead Bogling
Dead End
Dead Gorgers
Dead Jedi
Dead Researcher
Dead Splox
Dead villager
Deal extra damage temporarily after switching lightsaber stances.
Deals
Deals Change
Death in the Dark
Death in the Family
Debt
Decades ago, Pilgrim's Sanctuary was a refuge for those seeking safe harbor. Now, Cere Junda and Eno Cordova have repurposed the space to provide a new sanctuary for associates of the Hidden Path.
Decisive Jedi
Decline
Decline
Deedot Irepip
Deedot Irepip Defeated
Deep within the Inquisitorius detention level, captured Jedi and Force-sensitive beings experience the next level of interrogation, torture and experimentation. The brutal internment of this black abyss leaves those confined to suffer a nightmare eternity until their final abominable fate.
Deep within the Lucrehulk, Rayvis struck, ambushing Cal and stealing the tuner. Escaping to the bowels of the ship, Cal experienced another Force vision of Cere's teachings. This lesson granted Cal the ability to make his way back up through the ship.| @ | @ While ascending a turbolift, Cal overheard Dagan and Rayvis discuss Santari Khri and the compass: with the tuner key duplicated, they could access all of Khri's blocked sites. Pleased, Dagan sent an underling to the Forest Array to activate it, and ordered Rayvis to the Shattered Moon.| @ | @ Finally reaching Zee at the Lucrehulk control tower, Cal defended her against Dagan's furious attacks until Bode arrived to help push the fallen Jedi back. In the aftermath, they determine Rayvis is heading to retrieve the last compass, and so they set their sights on the Shattered Moon once more...
Default
Default View
Default: Off
Default: On
Defeat
Defeat All Enemies
Defeat All Enemies Using the Blaster Stance
Defeat All Enemies Using the Crossguard Stance
Defeat All Enemies Using the Double-Bladed Stance
Defeat All Enemies Using the Single Saber Stance
Defeat All Enemies Using the Twin-Bladed Stance
Defeat Darth Vader
Defeat the Golden Skriton
Defeat the Gorocco Matriarch
Defeat the Mire Terror
Defeat the Ninth Sister
Defeat the Sutaban Alpha
Defeat the Vile Bilemaw
Defeat the horde of battle droids
Defeat the horrors of Bogano
Defend against his combos and retaliate when there's an opening.
Defend the Hangar
Defend the Main Gate
Defense
Defense against multiple parries.
Defensive Perimeter
Deflect/reflect normal shots from energy bow.
Delay Combo
Delay Power Strike
Delay Thrust
Delay {MeleeAttack} input to perform a flurry of quick, targeted swings.
Delete
Delivered
Deluxe Mix
Denvik
Denvik's Fate
Denvik, his failure now complete, is at last dealt with.
Derelict Dam
Derelict Facility
Derelict Hangar
Descending the Mountain
Desert Overlook
Desert Passages
Desert Ridge
Deserted Village
Desi's Noodles
Desi's Noodles, a popular chain in the Coruscant underworld. There are few legitimate reasons to venture down to the lower levels, but popular opinion declares that Desi's is one of them.
Design
Designed for elite ranged support, the rifle-armed BX droid excels at covert operations and swift sniper assignments. In close quarters, they will unleash bursts of accurate, deadly blaster fire in an attempt to overwhelm or suppress their enemy.
Despite their efforts, Merrin and Cal have passed on a trauma they know all too well to Kata. Now they must watch over her as best they can.
Destination Unlocked
Destination Unlocked
Destroyed Dam
Destroyed Wall
Destructive Measures
Detachment
Detailed color settings and customization for HUD elements.
Detailed field of view settings for the camera.
Detailed settings for captions and subtitles.
Detention Cell
Determined Jedi
Deuteranope
Deuteranopia
Deutsch
Devastated Remains
Devastated Settlement
Device Acquired
Dexterity
Diagnostics Corridor
Dialogue
Dialogue Assistant
Dialogue Boost
Dialogue Closed Captions
Dialogue Designer
Dialogue Focus
Dialogue Lead
Dialogue Line Skipping
Dialogue Rumble
Different types of Lost Treasure can be found all across the galaxy.
Difficulty
Digger Crawler
Digging Deeper
Digital Deluxe Art Book
Diligence
Directories help organize and visualize the flow of goods through the planet. Currently, Imperial expansion has impacted the import business, resulting in shortages throughout the Coruscant underworld.
Dirty
Disable Fall Damage
Disable Fall Damage
Disable UI Input Hold
Disabled
Disabled
Disabled Elevator
Disabled Tram
Disables fall damage if the player respawns due to falling. This does not prevent the player from respawning due to falling, but will ensure they don't respawn with lowered health.
Disables the requirement to hold buttons for UI interactions.
Disables the requirement to hold buttons for UI interactions.
Disaster
Disaster Strikes
Discarded remains of a Zeffo soldier. They were killed for stealing a sacred offering to their Sage.
Disconnected Zipline
Discover Sister Taske's Shop
Discovering Dathomir
Discovering Relics
Disguises
Dispatch safely from afar, or avoid.
Display
Display an extra Navigation Beacon for Puzzles and Main Objectives. Can be turned on/off at any time.
Display on-screen button prompts that indicate which Force ability is required for environmental puzzles.
Display on-screen button prompts that indicate which Force ability is required for environmental puzzles.
Display on-screen button prompts that indicate which Force ability is required for environmental puzzles.
Display on-screen button prompts that indicate which Force ability is required for environmental puzzles. Can be turned on/off at any time.
Display on-screen button prompts that indicate which Force ability is required for environmental puzzles. Can be turned on/off at any time.
Display on-screen button prompts that indicate which Force ability is required for environmental puzzles. Can be turned on/off at any time.
Displays an icon in the holomap and the binoculars that guides the player to the next game section on the way to their current objective.
Displays an interact in connection to platforming challenges. Activating it completes the platforming challenge on behalf of the player. This feature is only available for platforming challenges along the main story path.
Distinct woods from various planets across the galaxy, such as Onderon and Kashyyyk. Weighty and dignified.
Distract
Disturbed Debris
Dive and reach new underwater areas
Diverging Paths
Divine Oasis
Docking Clamp Overrides
Dodge their moves and create openings after their large wind-up attacks.
Dodge their unblockable overhead attack.
Dodge unblockable charged energy bow projectiles.
Dodging its attacks opens up opportunities to strike its undefended rear.
Dolovite
Dolovite
Doma
Doma
Doma Dendra
Doma Dendra
Doma Dendra, the de facto leader of the outpost, also runs a store just across from the saloon. It is said to have the finest wares on the planet, and so is definitely worth a visit.
Doma's Outpost Commodities
Doma's Outpost Commodities
Doma's Outpost Commodities
Doma's Shop Unlocked
Doma's Shop in the Koboh Outpost is now accessible.| @ | @ Rare Minerals found across Koboh can be spent here. 
Doma's first encounter with Turgle was one of rescue, saving him from a self-inflicted blunder. He was attached to her from that point on.
Doma, Unbowed
Doma, long-lived matriarch of the outpost, did not come to Koboh alone. However, the planet's unforgiving nature did not spare the partner she travelled with. Now, only this unassuming grave, and Doma's memories, are a testament to their existence.
Don't forget to visit Doma's with any Rare Minerals you've found, and plant Seeds in the Rooftop Garden.| @ | @ Cal can meet more new residents who can help improve the Outpost. 
Don't get overwhelmed. Take out Trilla's probe droid to even the odds.
Doonium
Doonium
Door
Door is locked
Door is locked from the other side
Door is locked: find a power source
Double 
Double Agent
Double Orbit
Double Pull
Double-Bladed
Double-Bladed Lightsaber
Double-Bladed Lightsaber
Doubt
Down
Down
Down 2
Downfall
Dreamwort
Dredger Gorge
Dredger Gorge
Dredger Gorge
Dredger Gorge Dam
Drifter
Droid
Droid Blue
Droid Cairn
Droid Interact
Droid Jail
Droid Orange
Droid Paint
Droid Pale Blue
Droid Recharging Station
Droid Red
Droid Squad
Droid Yellow
Droid slice needs a description.
Droideka
Droideka
Droideka energy shields absorb blaster fire and lightsaber strikes, to a limit; overload them by rapidly attacking.
Droids
Droids are commonly used for manual labor across the galaxy, aiding the toil of organic workers, and Koboh is no exception. Nor is it any exception that, when the work is finished, they are left ignominiously to rust.
Drop
Drop Down
Drop to wall
Drop your Nekko off in a stall to stable it for later.
Drowned
Drowned Prospector
Drya Thornne
Drya Thornne
Dual
Dual
Dual Stance Acquired
Dual Wield
Duelist
Duelist
Dunya
Dunya
Dunya Defeated
Durable twill-woven pants, covered by leather chaps. Popular on the Outer Rim for their resistance to tough conditions.
Durable, weather-ready garb for those who need to be prepared to face the unknown.
Duralium
Duralium
Duraplast
Durasteel
During Conversations:
During his exploration on Zeffo, Master Cordova uncovered a temple dedicated to the Sage Eilram. This exploration revealed further mysteries of the ancient culture, including their fascination with Kashyyyk, the homeworld of the Wookiee civilization. Curious to learn more, Cordova's path took him to Kashyyyk where he sought wisdom from his old friend and Wookiee chieftain, Tarfful.
Durite
Duty Fulfilled
Duty and Resolve
Duty and Resolve II
Duty and Resolve II
Dylok
Dynamic Range
Dynamic Resolution Scaling
E3-VE3
E3-VE3
E3-VE3 is a custom-modified droideka unit with enhanced offensive capabilities and heightened belligerence algorithms. What is also noteworthy is the droid has been reprogrammed an additional time, overriding Rayvis' original rewrite with new logic and loyalty protocols.
EA User Agreement
EA collects data from your device to provide and improve our products and services, update software, dynamically serve content, provide product support, communicate with you, and personalize your experience with EA. To limit collection of data from your device to that necessary to operate this game, disable device usage data sharing.
EG-6 power droids, also known as gonk droids, serve as portable power generators in mobile operations or in situations lacking a stable power source. They are utilized by civilians and military alike, often emitting a low honking noise that sounds like the word "gonk."
ELECTRONIC ARTS| @ USER AGREEMENT| @ | @ | @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You agree to these terms when you use our games or any of our services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Welcome to EA. This Agreement governs your access and use of products, content and services offered by EA and its subsidiaries ("EA"), such as game software and related updates, upgrades and features, and all online and mobile services, platforms, websites, and live events hosted by or associated with EA (collectively "EA Services"). This Agreement is between you and the EA entity listed in Section 13B below.| @ | @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: If you don't agree, please don't install or use our games or services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ BY USING EA SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE EA SERVICES. FOR RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN COUNTRIES, YOU AGREE TO THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER DESCRIBED IN SECTION 15 TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES WITH EA.| @ | @ | @ TABLE OF CONTENTS| @ | @ 1. EA Account| @ 2. License| @ 3. Content and Entitlements| @ 4. Availability of EA Services and Updates| @ 5. Your UGC| @ 6. Rules of Conduct| @ 7. Games| @ 8. Termination and Other Sanctions| @ 9. Use of Data| @ 10. Other Software, Utilities and Tools| @ 11. Third Parties| @ 12. Warranties; Limitation of Liability| @ 13. General Terms| @ 14. Changes to this Agreement| @ 15. Dispute Resolutions by Binding Arbitration| @ | @ | @ 1. EA Account| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You need an EA Account to play most EA games. To create one, you must be at least the minimum age (https://help.ea.com/en/help/account/online-access-for-child-accounts/) and your parents must read and agree to these terms if you are a minor. EA can suspend or terminate your account if you break this agreement. You may cancel your EA Account or any EA subscriptions at any time.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ You need an EA Account to access and use many EA Services, including to play online.| @ | @ To create an EA Account, you must have a valid email address, and provide truthful and accurate information. You must be eligible to use the EA Service for which you are registering and must be a resident of a country where use of EA Services is permitted.| @ | @ You must be at least 13 years of age (or the minimum age of your country of residence) to create an EA Account. If your age is between the relevant minimum age and 18 (or the age of majority where you live), you and your parent or guardian must review and agree to this Agreement together. Parents and guardians are responsible for the acts of children under 18 years of age when using EA Services. EA recommends that parents and guardians familiarize themselves with parental controls on devices they provide their child.| @ | @ You are responsible for the activity on your EA Account; it's yours, don't share it. Your EA Account may be suspended or terminated if someone else uses it to engage in activity that violates this Agreement.| @ | @ You may cancel your EA Account or a subscription to an EA Service at any time by contacting EA's Customer Service Department at help.ea.com. To complete your request, EA may collect fees or costs incurred, if allowed by law, and any amounts owed to third-party vendors or content providers.| @ | @ 2. License| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA grants you access to our games and services to you for your personal enjoyment.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ The EA Services are licensed to you, not sold. EA grants you a personal, limited, non-transferable (i.e., not for sharing), revocable and non-exclusive license to use the EA Services to which you have access for your non-commercial use, subject to your compliance with this Agreement. You may not access, copy, modify or distribute any EA Service, Content or Entitlements (as those terms are defined below), unless expressly authorized by EA or permitted by law. You may not reverse engineer or attempt to extract or otherwise use source code or other data from EA Services, unless expressly authorized by EA or permitted by law. EA or its licensors own and reserve all other rights, including all right, title and interest in the EA Services and associated intellectual property rights.| @ | @ 3. Content and Entitlements| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA provides games, features and content through a series of entitlements. Some entitlements are unlocked using virtual currency that has no value outside of our games.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ The EA Services include Content and Entitlements. Content is the software, technology, text, forum posts, chat posts, profiles, widgets, messages, links, emails, music, sound, graphics, pictures, video, code, and all audio visual or other material appearing on or coming from EA Services, as well as the design and appearance of our websites. Content also includes user-generated Content ("UGC"). UGC includes EA Account personas, forum posts, profile content and other Content contributed by users to EA Services. All Content is either owned by EA or its licensors, or is licensed to EA and its licensors pursuant to Section 5 below.| @ | @ Entitlements are rights that EA licenses to you to access or use the online or off-line elements of EA Services. Examples of Entitlements include access to digital or unlockable Content; additional or enhanced functionality (including multiplayer services); subscriptions; virtual assets; unlock keys or codes, serial codes or online authentication; in-game accomplishments; and virtual points, coins, or currencies.| @ | @ We refer to these virtual points, coins or currencies as "EA Virtual Currency". When you obtain EA Virtual Currency from us or our authorized partners, you receive a personal, limited, non-assignable, non-exclusive, revocable license to access and select the Entitlements that EA expressly makes available to you.| @ | @ EA Virtual Currency has no monetary value and has no value outside of our products and services. EA Virtual Currency cannot be sold, traded, transferred, or exchanged for cash; it only may be redeemed for Entitlements available for the EA Service. EA Virtual Currency is non-refundable, and you are not entitled to a refund for any unused EA Virtual Currency. Once you redeem EA Virtual Currency for an Entitlement, that Entitlement is not returnable, exchangeable, or refundable. If you live in Japan, you agree to use any EA Virtual Currency within 180 days from the date of purchase.| @ | @ You will provide at your own expense the equipment, Internet connection and charges required to access and use EA Services.| @ | @ 4. Availability of EA Services and Updates| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Our games and services may not always be available or operate on all devices. We also may make updates or changes to our games and services, which might impact your use or game progress.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We do not guarantee that any EA Service, Content or Entitlement will be available at all times, in all locations, or at any given time or that we will continue to offer a particular EA Service, Content or Entitlements for any particular length of time. EA does not guarantee that EA Services can be accessed on all devices, by means of a specific Internet or connection provider, or in all geographic locations.| @ | @ From time to time, EA may update, change or modify an EA Service, Content or Entitlements, without notice to you. These updates and modifications may be required in order to continue to use EA Services.| @ | @ EA may need to update, or reset certain parameters to balance game play and usage of EA Services. These updates or "resets" may cause you setbacks within the relevant game world and may affect characters, games, groups or other Entitlements under your control.| @ | @ EA may also take actions on your EA Account and Entitlements without notice to you to protect you or EA, such as preventing unauthorized access, resetting EA Account passwords, suspending EA Account access, deleting data or removing EA Accounts from EA Services. Your availability to EA Services may also be affected in response to actual or suspected Rules of Conduct violations, as further described in Section 6.| @ | @ 5. Your UGC| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You allow EA and our players to use anything you upload or create (UGC) for free within our games and services. You are responsible for your UGC, it must be your own content or content you're allowed to use.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ You are responsible for your UGC. You may not upload UGC that infringes a third party's intellectual property rights or that violates the law, this Agreement or a third party's right of privacy or right of publicity.| @ | @ EA may, in its sole discretion, remove, edit or disable UGC for any reason, including if EA reasonably determines that UGC violates this Agreement. EA does not assume any responsibility or liability for UGC, for removing it, or not removing it or other Content. EA does not pre-screen all UGC and does not endorse or approve any UGC available on EA Services.| @ | @ When you contribute UGC, you grant to EA, its licensors and licensees a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, worldwide, sublicensable license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, publicly perform, publicly display or otherwise transmit and communicate the UGC, or any portion of it, in any manner or form and in any medium or forum, whether now known or later devised, without notice, payment or attribution of any kind to you or any third party. You also grant to all other users who can access and use your UGC on an EA Service the right to use, copy, modify, display, perform, create derivative works from, and otherwise communicate and distribute your UGC on or through the relevant EA Service without further notice, attribution or compensation to you.| @ | @ 6. Rules of Conduct| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We want you to have a good time playing our games. So we expect you, like all players, to respect EA, our employees and representatives as well as your fellow players. This means, for example, obey the law, don't cheat, don't be offensive, don't hack our software, don't spam or bot, don't lie to EA or our players. Those are the highlights. Read the full list of what not to do in the Rules of Conduct.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not:| @ | @ - Violate any law, rule or regulation.| @ - Interfere with or disrupt any EA Service or any server or network used to support or provide an EA Service, including any hacking or cracking into an EA Service.| @ - Use any software or program that damages, interferes with or disrupts an EA Service or another's computer or property, such as denial of service attacks, spamming, hacking, or uploading computer viruses, worms, Trojan horses, cancelbots, spyware, corrupted files and time bombs.| @ - Interfere with or disrupt another player's use of an EA Service. This includes disrupting the normal flow of game play, chat or dialogue within an EA Service by, for example, using vulgar or harassing language, being abusive, excessive shouting (all caps), spamming, flooding or hitting the return key repeatedly.| @ - Harass, threaten, bully, embarrass, spam or do anything else to another player or any EA employee or representative that is unwanted, such as repeatedly sending unwanted messages or making personal attacks or statements about race, sexual orientation, religion, heritage, etc. Hate speech is not tolerated. We won't tolerate any unwanted conduct against any EA employee and representative because of their affiliation with EA in EA Services or anywhere else.| @ - Contribute UGC or organize or participate in any activity, group or guild that is inappropriate, abusive, harassing, profane, threatening, hateful, offensive, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing, invades another's privacy, or is otherwise reasonably objectionable.| @ - Publish, post, upload or distribute UGC or content that is illegal or that you don't have permission to freely distribute.| @ - Publish, post, upload or distribute any content, such as a topic, name, screen name, avatar, persona, or other material or information, that EA (acting reasonably and objectively) determines is inappropriate, abusive, hateful, harassing, profane, defamatory, threatening, obscene, sexually explicit, infringing, privacy-invasive, vulgar, offensive, indecent or unlawful.| @ - Post a message for any purpose other than personal communication. Prohibited messages include advertising, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes and other types of solicitation or commercial activities.| @ - Impersonate another person or falsely imply that you are an EA employee or representative.| @ - Improperly use in-game support or complaint buttons or make false reports to EA staff.| @ - Attempt to obtain, or phish for, a password, account information, or other private information from anyone else on EA Services.| @ - Make use of any payment methods or refund systems to access, purchase or refund EA Services for fraudulent purposes, or without permission of the authorized owner, or otherwise concerning a criminal offence or other unlawful activity.| @ - Use any robot, spider or other automated device or process to access EA Services for any purpose such as scraping data, abuse EA Services, account creation, or copying material.| @ - Modify any file or any other part of the EA Service that EA does not specifically authorize you to modify.| @ - Use or distribute unauthorized software programs or tools (such as "auto", "macro", hack or cheat software), or use exploits, bugs or problems in an EA Service to gain unfair advantage.| @ - Engage or assist in cheating or other anticompetitive behavior (such as boosting, collusion, and match or matchmaking manipulation).| @ - Use or distribute counterfeit software or EA Content, including EA Virtual Currency.| @ - Attempt to use an EA Service on or through any service that is not controlled or authorized by EA, or otherwise intentionally obfuscate your network connection or location or other metadata to gain access to an EA Service, make purchases, or otherwise access an EA Service.| @ - Sell, buy, share, trade or otherwise transfer or offer to transfer your EA Account, any personal access to EA Services, or any EA Content associated with your EA Account, including EA Virtual Currency and other Entitlements, either within an EA Service or on a third-party website, or in connection with any out-of-game transaction, unless expressly authorized by EA.| @ - Use an EA Service in a country in which EA is prohibited from offering such services under applicable export control laws.| @ - If an EA Service requires you to create a "username" or a "persona" to represent yourself in-game and online, you should not use your real name and may not use a username or persona that is used by someone else or that EA determines is vulgar or offensive or violates someone else's rights.| @ - Engage in any other activity that significantly disturbs the peaceful, fair and respectful gaming environment of an EA Service.| @ - Use information about users publicly available in any EA Service (e.g. on a leaderboard) for any purpose unrelated to the Service, including to attempt to identify such users in the real world.| @ - Promote, encourage or take part in any prohibited activity described above.| @ | @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: To enforce these rules, we may monitor your activity and remove any UGC. If you don't follow these rules, we may warn you, suspend you, ban you permanently or place other restrictions on your EA Account, games, or related services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you or someone using your EA Account violates these rules and fails to remedy this violation after a warning, EA may take action against you, including revoking access to certain or all EA Services, Content or Entitlements, or terminating your EA Account as described in Section 8. In case of severe violations, EA may take these actions without issuing a prior warning. Some examples of severe violations include, but are not limited to: promoting, encouraging or engaging in hacking, selling EA accounts or entitlements (including virtual currencies and items) without EA's permission, extreme harassment, or threatening illegal activities. When practical, EA will notify you of the action it will take in response to violations of these rules or breach of this Agreement.| @ | @ Specific EA Services may post additional rules that apply to your conduct on those services.| @ | @ If you encounter another user who is violating any of these rules, please report this activity to EA using the "Help" or "Report Abuse" functions in the relevant EA Service, if available, or contact Customer Support at help.ea.com.| @ | @ EA may, in its discretion, monitor or record online activity or Content on EA Services and may remove any Content from any EA Service at its discretion. Remember that your communications and your UGC in an EA Service are public and will be seen by others.| @ | @ Your use of EA Services is subject to EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com, which is incorporated by reference into this Agreement.| @ | @ 7. Games| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This section applies to our games, in particular PC games, and EA-owned game platforms like the EA app or Origin.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ This Section applies to EA's games and game subscriptions ("EA Games"), including EA Games that run on a Personal Computer ("EA PC Games"), and the EA-owned client application and related services that distributes EA PC Games (the "EA app" currently https://www.origin.com/en-us/about).| @ | @ A. Technical and Content Protection Measures| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use specific security software to combat piracy and cheating, and tampering with it can result in losing access to our games.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ EA utilizes technical or content protection measures, developed by EA or third-party partners, for EA Services in order to prevent piracy and the unauthorized copying or use of EA Games. Attempting to circumvent, disable or tamper with these measures shall terminate this license.| @ | @ B. EA app| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: To play our PC games, you may need to install our PC distribution platform software. We may automatically update the software. We provide instructions so you can uninstall our games and software.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ To play EA PC Games, EA may require you to install and use the EA app client application or successor application. An EA Account, your acceptance of this Agreement, and an Internet connection are required for the EA app to authenticate and verify your license to the EA PC Game ("Authenticate" or "Authentication").| @ | @ To access and use EA Services associated with an EA PC Game, you may first need to register with the serial code enclosed with an EA PC Game. The serial code provided with the EA PC Game will be verified during Authentication. Authentication is limited to one EA Account per serial code, which means the EA PC Game is not transferable. You may only launch and access an EA PC Game on no more than five unique machines in any rolling 24-hour period.| @ | @ The EA app and EA PC Games may download and install updates, upgrades and additional features. You agree that EA has no obligation to support previous version(s) of the EA app upon the availability of an update, upgrade and/or implementation of additional features. EA may provide you with the option to download, install and use an alpha or beta version of the EA app under these same terms.| @ | @ Instructions (https://help.ea.com/en-us/help/origin/origin/manually-uninstalling-origin/) to uninstall the EA app client can be found on EA's help website, help.ea.com.| @ | @ You may uninstall EA PC Games at any time using the EA app interface and deleting any remaining locally saved files. Punkbuster may remain on your computer after uninstall. To uninstall Punkbuster, run the executable at https://www.evenbalance.com/downloads/pbsvc/pbsvc.exe.| @ | @ C. Monitoring and Anti-Cheat Measures| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA installs software to detect cheating or hacking. These programs send data on your computer to EA.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ EA utilizes technologies to detect and prevent cheating in the use of EA Services, and in particular, EA Games. These technologies may be developed by EA or a third party.| @ | @ When you launch an online-capable game, these technologies may activate using kernel, admin or user privileges, and monitor your gameplay and device's RAM, processes, communications, and file storage for the purposes of detecting violations of, and enforcing, the Code of Conduct in Section 6, including the use of Unauthorized Third-Party Programs. An Unauthorized Third-Party Program is a third-party program or file (such as a "add-on", "mod", "hack", "trainer", or "cheat") that EA believes (i) enables or facilitates cheating of any type; (ii) allows users to modify or hack the game interface, environment, and/or experience in any way not expressly authorized by EA; or (iii) intercepts, "mines", or otherwise collects information from or through the game.| @ | @ EA may collect relevant information needed for our investigation and enforcement purposes such as your account information, details related to an Unauthorized Third-Party Program, any EA PC Game files that were modified, and times cheating was detected. We also may terminate your License and your EA Account if we determine you have been cheating.| @ | @ When you exit an online-capable game, these anti-cheat technologies will be deactivated.| @ | @ 8. Termination and Other Sanctions| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: If you break this agreement or the law, EA may suspend or terminate your use of our games and services, without refunds.| @ | @ If we decide to shut down a game or a service, we will tell you at least 30 days in advance.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ This Agreement is effective until terminated by you or EA. EA may terminate your access and use of any EA Services or your EA Account if EA determines that you have violated this Agreement or that there has been otherwise unlawful, improper or fraudulent use of EA Services on your EA Account. When practical, EA will notify you of the termination. You may lose your username and persona as a result of an EA Account termination. If you have more than one EA Account, depending on the type of violation or misuse, EA may terminate all of your EA Accounts and all related Entitlements. If your EA Account is terminated, you will not have access to your EA Account or Entitlements and may be barred from accessing or using any EA Service again. Upon termination, your license under this Agreement also shall terminate.| @ | @ Instead of termination and prior to any termination, EA may issue you a warning, suspend or alter your access to a particular EA Service or your EA Account, remove or revoke Entitlements at an EA Account or device level, remove or delete any Content which is in violation with this Agreement, or ban your device or machine from accessing specific EA Services. If EA takes any action described in this Section, you will not be entitled to a refund (subject to any statutory refund rights) and no Entitlements will be credited to you or converted to cash or other forms of reimbursement.| @ | @ EA may terminate any EA Service at any time by giving at least thirty days' notice either via email (if available), within the affected EA Service, or on the service updates page of EA's website (https://www.ea.com/service-updates). After online service termination, no software updates will be applied to our games and we can't guarantee our games will continue to function on newer or updated operating systems or be available for download via application distribution services such as the iOS App Store and the Google Play Store. Any games available via such application distribution services after online service termination may be removed without further notice to you.| @ | @ If you believe that any action has been taken against your Account or device in error, please contact Customer Support at help.ea.com.| @ | @ If you terminate this agreement, you agree to cease all use of EA Services.| @ | @ Sections 5, 8-9, 11-15 of this Agreement survive termination of this Agreement.| @ | @ 9. Use of Data| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA collects various information when you play our games (even offline) to operate our business, improve our products and services, enforce our rules and communicate with you. We encourage you to read EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you use an EA Service, EA may collect and store data from your computer or device, including information about your computer or device, hardware, installed software, and operating system (such as IP Address and device ID), information about your EA Service usage, gameplay and usage statistics, system interactions and peripheral hardware. If you play an EA Service offline, this data will be stored on your device and transmitted to EA when your device connects to the Internet. EA uses this information to operate its business, improve its products and services, provide services to and communicate with you (including for marketing purposes), provide software updates, dynamically serve content and software support, enforce this Agreement, and trouble-shoot bugs or otherwise enhance your experience. If you participate in online services, EA also may collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data regarding game play (including scores, rankings and accomplishments), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players.| @ | @ Your data is collected, used, stored and transmitted by EA Inc. in the United States, in accordance with EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com.| @ | @ You can manage certain data collection preferences in the Settings tab of the EA PC Game client.| @ | @ 10. Other Software, Utilities and Tools| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: If we update our games, you may need new software to keep playing our games.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ EA Services may require or allow you to download software, software updates or patches, or other utilities and tools from EA or its licensors onto your computer, entertainment system or device. These technologies may be different across platforms, and the performance of EA Services may vary depending on your computer and other equipment. You understand that certain updates to these technologies may be required in order to continue use of an EA Services. Some of these updates may contain locked features or content that require you to pay an additional fee to access them. You consent to EA automatically installing any available updates for EA Services. Failure to install available updates may render EA Services, including EA PC Games, unplayable.| @ | @ 11. Third Parties| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You are responsible for your use of game servers and services not owned by EA.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Some EA Services may give you the option of playing on servers not owned or controlled by EA. EA does not control those services and is not responsible for your use of the EA Service on or through them. These third-party services may subject you to additional or different terms and restrictions.| @ | @ EA Services may include hyperlinks to third-party websites. Those sites may collect data or solicit personal information from you. EA does not control those sites and is not responsible for their content or for their collection, use or disclosure of personal information.| @ | @ 12. Warranties; Limitation of Liability| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA does not make any promises about our software, but the local law in your country may include certain warranties. The damages you can recover for legal claims are limited.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ IF YOU LIVE IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA), UNITED KINGDOM OR SWITZERLAND, THE EA SERVICES WILL BE PROVIDED WITH REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL AND NO OTHER PROMISES OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE EA SERVICES ARE MADE. IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND, EA SERVICES ARE LICENSED AND PROVIDED "AS IS." YOU USE THEM AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EA GIVES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, AND WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR PRACTICE. EA DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE PRODUCT OR EA SERVICE; THAT THE EA SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT OPERATION OF THE EA SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE FROM ERRORS, BUGS, CORRUPTION, LOSS, INTERFERENCE, HACKING OR VIRUSES, OR THAT EA SERVICES WILL INTEROPERATE OR BE COMPATIBLE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE. EA DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED VIA THE EA APP STORE. SEE https://help.ea.com/en-us/help/account/electronic-arts-warranty-policy/ FOR MORE INFORMATION ON STATUTORY WARRANTY AND OTHER STATUTORY CONSUMER RIGHTS IN YOUR TERRITORY, AND https://help.ea.com/en-au/help/account/electronic-arts-warranty-policy/ FOR RIGHTS AVAILABLE TO AUSTRALIAN CONSUMERS.| @ | @ IF YOU LIVE IN THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM OR SWITZERLAND, EA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR ACTIONS OR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR WHICH ARISE AS A RESULT OF A THIRD PARTY'S (OR ANY OTHER) ACTS OR OMISSIONS BEYOND OUR CONTROL. IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES THAT WERE NOT CAUSED BY EA'S BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES. THE TYPES OF EXCLUDED DAMAGES INCLUDE, FOR EXAMPLE, FINANCIAL LOSS (SUCH AS LOSS INCOME OR PROFITS), COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR STOPPAGE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, AND COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS LICENSE OR EA SERVICE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. IT ALSO APPLIES EVEN IF EA KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. YOU MAY RECOVER ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES IN ANY AMOUNT NO GREATER THAN WHAT YOU ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE APPLICABLE EA SERVICE. EA DOES NOT LIMIT ITS LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILFUL MISCONDUCT, OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS, SO SOME OR ALL OF THEM MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.| @ | @ If you purchased a physical copy of an EA Service from a physical retail store in the United States and you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement and have not installed or used the EA Service, you may return it for a refund or exchange within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase to the original place of purchase by following the instructions for return available at https://warrantyinfo.ea.com.| @ | @ 13. General Terms| @ | @ A. Entire Agreement| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This agreement can be changed only in writing signed by EA.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ This Agreement, together with any other EA terms that govern your use of EA Services, constitutes the entire agreement between you and EA. The Agreement may not be amended or modified unless made in writing and signed by EA. The failure of EA to exercise any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the right or any other right. If any part of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, all other parts of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.| @ | @ B. Governing Law| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: If you live in the United States, Canada or Japan, this agreement is between you and Electronic Arts Inc. If you live in any other country, this agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you live in the EEA, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Brazil, Hong Kong, Mexico or Russia, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of your country of residence govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of your country of residence.| @ | @ If you live in the Republic of Korea, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of Korea, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of Korea.| @ | @ If you live in the United States, Canada or Japan, (i) this Agreement is between you and Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065, USA; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.| @ | @ If you in live in any other country, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.| @ | @ The UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (Vienna, 1980) shall not apply to this Agreement or to any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement.| @ | @ C. Export| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You must follow all export laws, and you agree you are not a prohibited person under export laws.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ You agree to follow U.S. and other export control laws and agree not to transfer an EA Service to a foreign national, or national destination, that is prohibited by such laws. You also acknowledge you are not a person with whom EA is prohibited from doing business under these export control laws.| @ | @ 14. Changes to this Agreement| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This agreement can be updated by EA at any time. If you do not agree to certain meaningful changes, you may not be able to play our games.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ EA may modify this Agreement from time to time, so please review it frequently. For EA players who accepted a previous version of this Agreement, the revisions will become effective 30 days after posting at terms.ea.com. Your continued use of EA Services means you accept the changes. Once you accept a version of the Agreement, we will not enforce future material changes without your express agreement to them. If you are asked to accept material changes to this Agreement and you decline to do so, you may not be able to continue to use the EA Service provided.| @ | @ 15. Dispute Resolutions by Binding Arbitration| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This section only applies if you live outside of Quebec, Russia, Switzerland, Brazil, Mexico, the member states of the EEA, United Kingdom and the Republic of Korea.| @ | @ If you have a dispute, you agree to send details in writing to EA, and then arbitrate. You agree that any claim you bring against EA is in your individual capacity, and not as a class member, class representative, or as part of a class action.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ THIS SECTION APPLIES TO ALL CONSUMERS AND PEOPLE WHO ACCEPTED THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IT EXCLUDES RESIDENTS OF QUEBEC, RUSSIA, SWITZERLAND, BRAZIL, MEXICO, THE MEMBER STATES OF THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA. BY ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND EA EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY AND THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.| @ | @ This Section 15 offers a streamlined way to resolve disputes between us if they arise. Most of your concerns can be resolved quickly and satisfactorily by logging into the EA customer support interface with your Account at help.ea.com. If EA cannot resolve your concern, you and EA agree to be bound by the procedure set forth in this Section to resolve any and all disputes between us.| @ | @ This Section 15 is an agreement between you and EA, and applies to our respective agents, employees, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, beneficiaries and assigns. This agreement to arbitrate evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Section 15 and any arbitration carried out under this Section. This Section 15 shall be interpreted broadly and shall survive termination of this Agreement.| @ | @ A. Claims Covered by Arbitration| @ | @ All disputes, claims or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any EA Service and its marketing, or the relationship between you and EA, including the validity, enforceability, and scope of this Section 15 ("Disputes"), shall be determined exclusively by binding arbitration. This includes claims that accrued before you entered into this Agreement. The only Disputes not covered by this Section 15 are claims (i) regarding the infringement, protection or validity of your, EA's or EA's licensors' trade secrets, copyright, trademark or patent rights; (ii) if you reside in Australia, to enforce a statutory consumer right under Australian consumer law; and (iii) brought in small claims court.| @ | @ B. Informal Negotiations| @ | @ You and EA shall first attempt to resolve any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration. The informal negotiations begin upon receipt of written notice from one party to the other ("Notice of Dispute"). The Notice of Dispute must: (a) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought. EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing or email address. You will send your Notice of Dispute to: Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City CA 94065, ATTENTION: Legal Department.| @ | @ C. Binding Arbitration| @ | @ If you and EA cannot resolve a Dispute informally, you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other. The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Consumer Arbitration Rules ("AAA Consumer Rules"), which are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879, with the following modifications:| @ | @ 1. Arbitration fees and costs shall be governed by the AAA Consumer Rules. If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive, or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the administrative fees required to initiate an arbitration, EA will pay all AAA administrative fees.| @ | @ 2. If the Dispute does not exceed $25,000, the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of written submissions.| @ | @ 3. The parties may bring any dispositive motion or motions during the course of the proceedings.| @ | @ 4. The arbitrator shall make a decision in writing, which will include the findings and conclusions on which the decision is based. The arbitrator has the authority to issue any relief allowed by applicable law, but the arbitrator shall have no authority to issue any relief on any basis other than an individual basis. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim.| @ | @ The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration, to stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.| @ | @ D. Limitations| @ | @ YOU AND EA AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING AS TO ALL DISPUTES. The arbitrator shall not consolidate another person's claims with your claims, and shall not preside over any type of representative or class proceeding. If this paragraph D is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this agreement to arbitrate shall be null and void.| @ | @ E. Location| @ | @ If you live in the United States, arbitration will take place in the county in which you reside. For residents outside the United States, arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo, State of California, United States of America, and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court, in order to compel arbitration, to stay the proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.| @ | @ F. Recovery| @ | @ If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA's last written settlement offer made before EA makes its final written submissions to the arbitrator, then EA will:| @ | @ 1. Pay you 150% of your arbitration award, up to $5,000 USD over and above your arbitration award; and| @ | @ 2. Reimburse the arbitration fees that you paid to the AAA.| @ | @ G. Changes to this Arbitration Agreement| @ | @ EA will not enforce material changes to this agreement to arbitrate, unless you expressly agree to the changes.| @ | @ H. Severability| @ | @ If any clause within this Section 15 (other than the Class Action Waiver clause in paragraph D above) is found to be unenforceable because it would preclude a particular claim or remedy (such as public injunctive relief), that claim or remedy (and only that claim or remedy) must be severed from arbitration and may be brought in court, while any remaining claims or remedies will be resolved through arbitration. If any clause within this Section 15 (other than the Class Action Waiver clause set forth in paragraph D above) is found to be unenforceable for any other reason, that clause will be severed from this Section 15 and the remainder of this Section 15 will remain in full force and effect.| @ | @ | @ Last Updated: November 7, 2022| @ | @ | @ 
ELECTRONIC ARTS| @ USER AGREEMENT| @ | @ | @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You agree to these terms when you use our games or any of our services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Welcome to EA. This Agreement governs your access and use of products, content and services offered by EA and its subsidiaries ("EA"), such as game software and related updates, upgrades and features, and all online and mobile services, platforms, websites, and live events hosted by or associated with EA (collectively "EA Services"). This Agreement is between you and the EA entity listed in Section 13B below.| @ | @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: If you don't agree, please don't install or use our games or services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ BY USING EA SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE EA SERVICES. FOR RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN COUNTRIES, YOU AGREE TO THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER DESCRIBED IN SECTION 15 TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES WITH EA.| @ | @ | @ TABLE OF CONTENTS| @ | @ 1. EA Account| @ 2. License| @ 3. Content and Entitlements| @ 4. Availability of EA Services and Updates| @ 5. Your UGC| @ 6. Rules of Conduct| @ 7. Games| @ 8. Termination and Other Sanctions| @ 9. Use of Data| @ 10. Other Software, Utilities and Tools| @ 11. Third Parties| @ 12. Warranties; Limitation of Liability| @ 13. General Terms| @ 14. Changes to this Agreement| @ 15. Dispute Resolutions by Binding Arbitration| @ 16. Supplemental Terms for PlayStation®| @ | @ | @ 1. EA Account| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You need an EA Account to play most EA games. To create one, you must be at least the minimum age (https://help.ea.com/en/help/account/online-access-for-child-accounts/) and your parents must read and agree to these terms if you are a minor. EA can suspend or terminate your account if you break this agreement. You may cancel your EA Account or any EA subscriptions at any time.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ You need an EA Account to access and use many EA Services, including to play online.| @ | @ To create an EA Account, you must have a valid email address, and provide truthful and accurate information. You must be eligible to use the EA Service for which you are registering and must be a resident of a country where use of EA Services is permitted.| @ | @ You must be at least 13 years of age (or the minimum age of your country of residence) to create an EA Account. If your age is between the relevant minimum age and 18 (or the age of majority where you live), you and your parent or guardian must review and agree to this Agreement together. Parents and guardians are responsible for the acts of children under 18 years of age when using EA Services. EA recommends that parents and guardians familiarize themselves with parental controls on devices they provide their child.| @ | @ You are responsible for the activity on your EA Account; it's yours, don't share it. Your EA Account may be suspended or terminated if someone else uses it to engage in activity that violates this Agreement.| @ | @ You may cancel your EA Account or a subscription to an EA Service at any time by contacting EA's Customer Service Department at help.ea.com. To complete your request, EA may collect fees or costs incurred, if allowed by law, and any amounts owed to third-party vendors or content providers.| @ | @ 2. License| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA grants you access to our games and services to you for your personal enjoyment.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ The EA Services are licensed to you, not sold. EA grants you a personal, limited, non-transferable (i.e., not for sharing), revocable and non-exclusive license to use the EA Services to which you have access for your non-commercial use, subject to your compliance with this Agreement. You may not access, copy, modify or distribute any EA Service, Content or Entitlements (as those terms are defined below), unless expressly authorized by EA or permitted by law. You may not reverse engineer or attempt to extract or otherwise use source code or other data from EA Services, unless expressly authorized by EA or permitted by law. EA or its licensors own and reserve all other rights, including all right, title and interest in the EA Services and associated intellectual property rights.| @ | @ 3. Content and Entitlements| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA provides games, features and content through a series of entitlements. Some entitlements are unlocked using virtual currency that has no value outside of our games.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ The EA Services include Content and Entitlements. Content is the software, technology, text, forum posts, chat posts, profiles, widgets, messages, links, emails, music, sound, graphics, pictures, video, code, and all audio visual or other material appearing on or coming from EA Services, as well as the design and appearance of our websites. Content also includes user-generated Content ("UGC"). UGC includes EA Account personas, forum posts, profile content and other Content contributed by users to EA Services. All Content is either owned by EA or its licensors, or is licensed to EA and its licensors pursuant to Section 5 below.| @ | @ Entitlements are rights that EA licenses to you to access or use the online or off-line elements of EA Services. Examples of Entitlements include access to digital or unlockable Content; additional or enhanced functionality (including multiplayer services); subscriptions; virtual assets; unlock keys or codes, serial codes or online authentication; in-game accomplishments; and virtual points, coins, or currencies.| @ | @ We refer to these virtual points, coins or currencies as "EA Virtual Currency". When you obtain EA Virtual Currency from us or our authorized partners, you receive a personal, limited, non-assignable, non-exclusive, revocable license to access and select the Entitlements that EA expressly makes available to you.| @ | @ EA Virtual Currency has no monetary value and has no value outside of our products and services. EA Virtual Currency cannot be sold, traded, transferred, or exchanged for cash; it only may be redeemed for Entitlements available for the EA Service. EA Virtual Currency is non-refundable, and you are not entitled to a refund for any unused EA Virtual Currency. Once you redeem EA Virtual Currency for an Entitlement, that Entitlement is not returnable, exchangeable, or refundable. If you live in Japan, you agree to use any EA Virtual Currency within 180 days from the date of purchase.| @ | @ You will provide at your own expense the equipment, Internet connection and charges required to access and use EA Services.| @ | @ 4. Availability of EA Services and Updates| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Our games and services may not always be available or operate on all devices. We also may make updates or changes to our games and services, which might impact your use or game progress.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We do not guarantee that any EA Service, Content or Entitlement will be available at all times, in all locations, or at any given time or that we will continue to offer a particular EA Service, Content or Entitlements for any particular length of time. EA does not guarantee that EA Services can be accessed on all devices, by means of a specific Internet or connection provider, or in all geographic locations.| @ | @ From time to time, EA may update, change or modify an EA Service, Content or Entitlements, without notice to you. These updates and modifications may be required in order to continue to use EA Services.| @ | @ EA may need to update, or reset certain parameters to balance game play and usage of EA Services. These updates or "resets" may cause you setbacks within the relevant game world and may affect characters, games, groups or other Entitlements under your control.| @ | @ EA may also take actions on your EA Account and Entitlements without notice to you to protect you or EA, such as preventing unauthorized access, resetting EA Account passwords, suspending EA Account access, deleting data or removing EA Accounts from EA Services. Your availability to EA Services may also be affected in response to actual or suspected Rules of Conduct violations, as further described in Section 6.| @ | @ 5. Your UGC| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You allow EA and our players to use anything you upload or create (UGC) for free within our games and services. You are responsible for your UGC, it must be your own content or content you're allowed to use.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ You are responsible for your UGC. You may not upload UGC that infringes a third party's intellectual property rights or that violates the law, this Agreement or a third party's right of privacy or right of publicity.| @ | @ EA may, in its sole discretion, remove, edit or disable UGC for any reason, including if EA reasonably determines that UGC violates this Agreement. EA does not assume any responsibility or liability for UGC, for removing it, or not removing it or other Content. EA does not pre-screen all UGC and does not endorse or approve any UGC available on EA Services.| @ | @ When you contribute UGC, you grant to EA, its licensors and licensees a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, worldwide, sublicensable license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, publicly perform, publicly display or otherwise transmit and communicate the UGC, or any portion of it, in any manner or form and in any medium or forum, whether now known or later devised, without notice, payment or attribution of any kind to you or any third party. You also grant to all other users who can access and use your UGC on an EA Service the right to use, copy, modify, display, perform, create derivative works from, and otherwise communicate and distribute your UGC on or through the relevant EA Service without further notice, attribution or compensation to you.| @ | @ 6. Rules of Conduct| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We want you to have a good time playing our games. So we expect you, like all players, to respect EA, our employees and representatives as well as your fellow players. This means, for example, obey the law, don't cheat, don't be offensive, don't hack our software, don't spam or bot, don't lie to EA or our players. Those are the highlights. Read the full list of what not to do in the Rules of Conduct.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not:| @ | @ - Violate any law, rule or regulation.| @ - Interfere with or disrupt any EA Service or any server or network used to support or provide an EA Service, including any hacking or cracking into an EA Service.| @ - Use any software or program that damages, interferes with or disrupts an EA Service or another's computer or property, such as denial of service attacks, spamming, hacking, or uploading computer viruses, worms, Trojan horses, cancelbots, spyware, corrupted files and time bombs.| @ - Interfere with or disrupt another player's use of an EA Service. This includes disrupting the normal flow of game play, chat or dialogue within an EA Service by, for example, using vulgar or harassing language, being abusive, excessive shouting (all caps), spamming, flooding or hitting the return key repeatedly.| @ - Harass, threaten, bully, embarrass, spam or do anything else to another player or any EA employee or representative that is unwanted, such as repeatedly sending unwanted messages or making personal attacks or statements about race, sexual orientation, religion, heritage, etc. Hate speech is not tolerated. We won't tolerate any unwanted conduct against any EA employee and representative because of their affiliation with EA in EA Services or anywhere else.| @ - Contribute UGC or organize or participate in any activity, group or guild that is inappropriate, abusive, harassing, profane, threatening, hateful, offensive, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing, invades another's privacy, or is otherwise reasonably objectionable.| @ - Publish, post, upload or distribute UGC or content that is illegal or that you don't have permission to freely distribute.| @ - Publish, post, upload or distribute any content, such as a topic, name, screen name, avatar, persona, or other material or information, that EA (acting reasonably and objectively) determines is inappropriate, abusive, hateful, harassing, profane, defamatory, threatening, obscene, sexually explicit, infringing, privacy-invasive, vulgar, offensive, indecent or unlawful.| @ - Post a message for any purpose other than personal communication. Prohibited messages include advertising, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes and other types of solicitation or commercial activities.| @ - Impersonate another person or falsely imply that you are an EA employee or representative.| @ - Improperly use in-game support or complaint buttons or make false reports to EA staff.| @ - Attempt to obtain, or phish for, a password, account information, or other private information from anyone else on EA Services.| @ - Make use of any payment methods or refund systems to access, purchase or refund EA Services for fraudulent purposes, or without permission of the authorized owner, or otherwise concerning a criminal offence or other unlawful activity.| @ - Use any robot, spider or other automated device or process to access EA Services for any purpose such as scraping data, abuse EA Services, account creation, or copying material.| @ - Modify any file or any other part of the EA Service that EA does not specifically authorize you to modify.| @ - Use or distribute unauthorized software programs or tools (such as "auto", "macro", hack or cheat software), or use exploits, bugs or problems in an EA Service to gain unfair advantage.| @ - Engage or assist in cheating or other anticompetitive behavior (such as boosting, collusion, and match or matchmaking manipulation).| @ - Use or distribute counterfeit software or EA Content, including EA Virtual Currency.| @ - Attempt to use an EA Service on or through any service that is not controlled or authorized by EA, or otherwise intentionally obfuscate your network connection or location or other metadata to gain access to an EA Service, make purchases, or otherwise access an EA Service.| @ - Sell, buy, share, trade or otherwise transfer or offer to transfer your EA Account, any personal access to EA Services, or any EA Content associated with your EA Account, including EA Virtual Currency and other Entitlements, either within an EA Service or on a third-party website, or in connection with any out-of-game transaction, unless expressly authorized by EA.| @ - Use an EA Service in a country in which EA is prohibited from offering such services under applicable export control laws.| @ - If an EA Service requires you to create a "username" or a "persona" to represent yourself in-game and online, you should not use your real name and may not use a username or persona that is used by someone else or that EA determines is vulgar or offensive or violates someone else's rights.| @ - Engage in any other activity that significantly disturbs the peaceful, fair and respectful gaming environment of an EA Service.| @ - Use information about users publicly available in any EA Service (e.g. on a leaderboard) for any purpose unrelated to the Service, including to attempt to identify such users in the real world.| @ - Promote, encourage or take part in any prohibited activity described above.| @ | @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: To enforce these rules, we may monitor your activity and remove any UGC. If you don't follow these rules, we may warn you, suspend you, ban you permanently or place other restrictions on your EA Account, games, or related services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you or someone using your EA Account violates these rules and fails to remedy this violation after a warning, EA may take action against you, including revoking access to certain or all EA Services, Content or Entitlements, or terminating your EA Account as described in Section 8. In case of severe violations, EA may take these actions without issuing a prior warning. Some examples of severe violations include, but are not limited to: promoting, encouraging or engaging in hacking, selling EA accounts or entitlements (including virtual currencies and items) without EA's permission, extreme harassment, or threatening illegal activities. When practical, EA will notify you of the action it will take in response to violations of these rules or breach of this Agreement.| @ | @ Specific EA Services may post additional rules that apply to your conduct on those services.| @ | @ If you encounter another user who is violating any of these rules, please report this activity to EA using the "Help" or "Report Abuse" functions in the relevant EA Service, if available, or contact Customer Support at help.ea.com.| @ | @ EA may, in its discretion, monitor or record online activity or Content on EA Services and may remove any Content from any EA Service at its discretion. Remember that your communications and your UGC in an EA Service are public and will be seen by others.| @ | @ Your use of EA Services is subject to EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com, which is incorporated by reference into this Agreement.| @ | @ 7. Games| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This section applies to our games, in particular PC games, and EA-owned game platforms like the EA app or Origin.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ This Section applies to EA's games and game subscriptions ("EA Games"), including EA Games that run on a Personal Computer ("EA PC Games"), and the EA-owned client application and related services that distributes EA PC Games (the "EA app" currently https://www.origin.com/en-us/about).| @ | @ A. Technical and Content Protection Measures| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use specific security software to combat piracy and cheating, and tampering with it can result in losing access to our games.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ EA utilizes technical or content protection measures, developed by EA or third-party partners, for EA Services in order to prevent piracy and the unauthorized copying or use of EA Games. Attempting to circumvent, disable or tamper with these measures shall terminate this license.| @ | @ B. EA app| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: To play our PC games, you may need to install our PC distribution platform software. We may automatically update the software. We provide instructions so you can uninstall our games and software.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ To play EA PC Games, EA may require you to install and use the EA app client application or successor application. An EA Account, your acceptance of this Agreement, and an Internet connection are required for the EA app to authenticate and verify your license to the EA PC Game ("Authenticate" or "Authentication").| @ | @ To access and use EA Services associated with an EA PC Game, you may first need to register with the serial code enclosed with an EA PC Game. The serial code provided with the EA PC Game will be verified during Authentication. Authentication is limited to one EA Account per serial code, which means the EA PC Game is not transferable. You may only launch and access an EA PC Game on no more than five unique machines in any rolling 24-hour period.| @ | @ The EA app and EA PC Games may download and install updates, upgrades and additional features. You agree that EA has no obligation to support previous version(s) of the EA app upon the availability of an update, upgrade and/or implementation of additional features. EA may provide you with the option to download, install and use an alpha or beta version of the EA app under these same terms.| @ | @ Instructions (https://help.ea.com/en-us/help/origin/origin/manually-uninstalling-origin/) to uninstall the EA app client can be found on EA's help website, help.ea.com.| @ | @ You may uninstall EA PC Games at any time using the EA app interface and deleting any remaining locally saved files. Punkbuster may remain on your computer after uninstall. To uninstall Punkbuster, run the executable at https://www.evenbalance.com/downloads/pbsvc/pbsvc.exe.| @ | @ C. Monitoring and Anti-Cheat Measures| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA installs software to detect cheating or hacking. These programs send data on your computer to EA.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ EA utilizes technologies to detect and prevent cheating in the use of EA Services, and in particular, EA Games. These technologies may be developed by EA or a third party.| @ | @ When you launch an online-capable game, these technologies may activate using kernel, admin or user privileges, and monitor your gameplay and device's RAM, processes, communications, and file storage for the purposes of detecting violations of, and enforcing, the Code of Conduct in Section 6, including the use of Unauthorized Third-Party Programs. An Unauthorized Third-Party Program is a third-party program or file (such as a "add-on", "mod", "hack", "trainer", or "cheat") that EA believes (i) enables or facilitates cheating of any type; (ii) allows users to modify or hack the game interface, environment, and/or experience in any way not expressly authorized by EA; or (iii) intercepts, "mines", or otherwise collects information from or through the game.| @ | @ EA may collect relevant information needed for our investigation and enforcement purposes such as your account information, details related to an Unauthorized Third-Party Program, any EA PC Game files that were modified, and times cheating was detected. We also may terminate your License and your EA Account if we determine you have been cheating.| @ | @ When you exit an online-capable game, these anti-cheat technologies will be deactivated.| @ | @ 8. Termination and Other Sanctions| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: If you break this agreement or the law, EA may suspend or terminate your use of our games and services, without refunds.| @ | @ If we decide to shut down a game or a service, we will tell you at least 30 days in advance.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ This Agreement is effective until terminated by you or EA. EA may terminate your access and use of any EA Services or your EA Account if EA determines that you have violated this Agreement or that there has been otherwise unlawful, improper or fraudulent use of EA Services on your EA Account. When practical, EA will notify you of the termination. You may lose your username and persona as a result of an EA Account termination. If you have more than one EA Account, depending on the type of violation or misuse, EA may terminate all of your EA Accounts and all related Entitlements. If your EA Account is terminated, you will not have access to your EA Account or Entitlements and may be barred from accessing or using any EA Service again. Upon termination, your license under this Agreement also shall terminate.| @ | @ Instead of termination and prior to any termination, EA may issue you a warning, suspend or alter your access to a particular EA Service or your EA Account, remove or revoke Entitlements at an EA Account or device level, remove or delete any Content which is in violation with this Agreement, or ban your device or machine from accessing specific EA Services. If EA takes any action described in this Section, you will not be entitled to a refund (subject to any statutory refund rights) and no Entitlements will be credited to you or converted to cash or other forms of reimbursement.| @ | @ EA may terminate any EA Service at any time by giving at least thirty days' notice either via email (if available), within the affected EA Service, or on the service updates page of EA's website (https://www.ea.com/service-updates). After online service termination, no software updates will be applied to our games and we can't guarantee our games will continue to function on newer or updated operating systems or be available for download via application distribution services such as the iOS App Store and the Google Play Store. Any games available via such application distribution services after online service termination may be removed without further notice to you.| @ | @ If you believe that any action has been taken against your Account or device in error, please contact Customer Support at help.ea.com.| @ | @ If you terminate this agreement, you agree to cease all use of EA Services.| @ | @ Sections 5, 8-9, 11-15 of this Agreement survive termination of this Agreement.| @ | @ 9. Use of Data| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA collects various information when you play our games (even offline) to operate our business, improve our products and services, enforce our rules and communicate with you. We encourage you to read EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you use an EA Service, EA may collect and store data from your computer or device, including information about your computer or device, hardware, installed software, and operating system (such as IP Address and device ID), information about your EA Service usage, gameplay and usage statistics, system interactions and peripheral hardware. If you play an EA Service offline, this data will be stored on your device and transmitted to EA when your device connects to the Internet. EA uses this information to operate its business, improve its products and services, provide services to and communicate with you (including for marketing purposes), provide software updates, dynamically serve content and software support, enforce this Agreement, and trouble-shoot bugs or otherwise enhance your experience. If you participate in online services, EA also may collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data regarding game play (including scores, rankings and accomplishments), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players.| @ | @ Your data is collected, used, stored and transmitted by EA Inc. in the United States, in accordance with EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com.| @ | @ You can manage certain data collection preferences in the Settings tab of the EA PC Game client.| @ | @ 10. Other Software, Utilities and Tools| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: If we update our games, you may need new software to keep playing our games.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ EA Services may require or allow you to download software, software updates or patches, or other utilities and tools from EA or its licensors onto your computer, entertainment system or device. These technologies may be different across platforms, and the performance of EA Services may vary depending on your computer and other equipment. You understand that certain updates to these technologies may be required in order to continue use of an EA Services. Some of these updates may contain locked features or content that require you to pay an additional fee to access them. You consent to EA automatically installing any available updates for EA Services. Failure to install available updates may render EA Services, including EA PC Games, unplayable.| @ | @ 11. Third Parties| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You are responsible for your use of game servers and services not owned by EA.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Some EA Services may give you the option of playing on servers not owned or controlled by EA. EA does not control those services and is not responsible for your use of the EA Service on or through them. These third-party services may subject you to additional or different terms and restrictions.| @ | @ EA Services may include hyperlinks to third-party websites. Those sites may collect data or solicit personal information from you. EA does not control those sites and is not responsible for their content or for their collection, use or disclosure of personal information.| @ | @ 12. Warranties; Limitation of Liability| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA does not make any promises about our software, but the local law in your country may include certain warranties. The damages you can recover for legal claims are limited.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ IF YOU LIVE IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA), UNITED KINGDOM OR SWITZERLAND, THE EA SERVICES WILL BE PROVIDED WITH REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL AND NO OTHER PROMISES OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE EA SERVICES ARE MADE. IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND, EA SERVICES ARE LICENSED AND PROVIDED "AS IS." YOU USE THEM AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EA GIVES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, AND WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR PRACTICE. EA DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE PRODUCT OR EA SERVICE; THAT THE EA SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT OPERATION OF THE EA SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE FROM ERRORS, BUGS, CORRUPTION, LOSS, INTERFERENCE, HACKING OR VIRUSES, OR THAT EA SERVICES WILL INTEROPERATE OR BE COMPATIBLE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE. EA DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED VIA THE EA APP STORE. SEE https://help.ea.com/en-us/help/account/electronic-arts-warranty-policy/ FOR MORE INFORMATION ON STATUTORY WARRANTY AND OTHER STATUTORY CONSUMER RIGHTS IN YOUR TERRITORY, AND https://help.ea.com/en-au/help/account/electronic-arts-warranty-policy/ FOR RIGHTS AVAILABLE TO AUSTRALIAN CONSUMERS.| @ | @ IF YOU LIVE IN THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM OR SWITZERLAND, EA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR ACTIONS OR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR WHICH ARISE AS A RESULT OF A THIRD PARTY'S (OR ANY OTHER) ACTS OR OMISSIONS BEYOND OUR CONTROL. IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES THAT WERE NOT CAUSED BY EA'S BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES. THE TYPES OF EXCLUDED DAMAGES INCLUDE, FOR EXAMPLE, FINANCIAL LOSS (SUCH AS LOSS INCOME OR PROFITS), COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR STOPPAGE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, AND COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS LICENSE OR EA SERVICE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. IT ALSO APPLIES EVEN IF EA KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. YOU MAY RECOVER ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES IN ANY AMOUNT NO GREATER THAN WHAT YOU ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE APPLICABLE EA SERVICE. EA DOES NOT LIMIT ITS LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILFUL MISCONDUCT, OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS, SO SOME OR ALL OF THEM MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.| @ | @ If you purchased a physical copy of an EA Service from a physical retail store in the United States and you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement and have not installed or used the EA Service, you may return it for a refund or exchange within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase to the original place of purchase by following the instructions for return available at https://warrantyinfo.ea.com.| @ | @ 13. General Terms| @ | @ A. Entire Agreement| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This agreement can be changed only in writing signed by EA.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ This Agreement, together with any other EA terms that govern your use of EA Services, constitutes the entire agreement between you and EA. The Agreement may not be amended or modified unless made in writing and signed by EA. The failure of EA to exercise any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the right or any other right. If any part of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, all other parts of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.| @ | @ B. Governing Law| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: If you live in the United States, Canada or Japan, this agreement is between you and Electronic Arts Inc. If you live in any other country, this agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you live in the EEA, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Brazil, Hong Kong, Mexico or Russia, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of your country of residence govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of your country of residence.| @ | @ If you live in the Republic of Korea, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of Korea, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of Korea.| @ | @ If you live in the United States, Canada or Japan, (i) this Agreement is between you and Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065, USA; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.| @ | @ If you in live in any other country, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.| @ | @ The UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (Vienna, 1980) shall not apply to this Agreement or to any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement.| @ | @ C. Export| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You must follow all export laws, and you agree you are not a prohibited person under export laws.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ You agree to follow U.S. and other export control laws and agree not to transfer an EA Service to a foreign national, or national destination, that is prohibited by such laws. You also acknowledge you are not a person with whom EA is prohibited from doing business under these export control laws.| @ | @ 14. Changes to this Agreement| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This agreement can be updated by EA at any time. If you do not agree to certain meaningful changes, you may not be able to play our games.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ EA may modify this Agreement from time to time, so please review it frequently. For EA players who accepted a previous version of this Agreement, the revisions will become effective 30 days after posting at terms.ea.com. Your continued use of EA Services means you accept the changes. Once you accept a version of the Agreement, we will not enforce future material changes without your express agreement to them. If you are asked to accept material changes to this Agreement and you decline to do so, you may not be able to continue to use the EA Service provided.| @ | @ 15. Dispute Resolutions by Binding Arbitration| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This section only applies if you live outside of Quebec, Russia, Switzerland, Brazil, Mexico, the member states of the EEA, United Kingdom and the Republic of Korea.| @ | @ If you have a dispute, you agree to send details in writing to EA, and then arbitrate. You agree that any claim you bring against EA is in your individual capacity, and not as a class member, class representative, or as part of a class action.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ THIS SECTION APPLIES TO ALL CONSUMERS AND PEOPLE WHO ACCEPTED THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IT EXCLUDES RESIDENTS OF QUEBEC, RUSSIA, SWITZERLAND, BRAZIL, MEXICO, THE MEMBER STATES OF THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA. BY ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND EA EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY AND THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.| @ | @ This Section 15 offers a streamlined way to resolve disputes between us if they arise. Most of your concerns can be resolved quickly and satisfactorily by logging into the EA customer support interface with your Account at help.ea.com. If EA cannot resolve your concern, you and EA agree to be bound by the procedure set forth in this Section to resolve any and all disputes between us.| @ | @ This Section 15 is an agreement between you and EA, and applies to our respective agents, employees, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, beneficiaries and assigns. This agreement to arbitrate evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Section 15 and any arbitration carried out under this Section. This Section 15 shall be interpreted broadly and shall survive termination of this Agreement.| @ | @ A. Claims Covered by Arbitration| @ | @ All disputes, claims or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any EA Service and its marketing, or the relationship between you and EA, including the validity, enforceability, and scope of this Section 15 ("Disputes"), shall be determined exclusively by binding arbitration. This includes claims that accrued before you entered into this Agreement. The only Disputes not covered by this Section 15 are claims (i) regarding the infringement, protection or validity of your, EA's or EA's licensors' trade secrets, copyright, trademark or patent rights; (ii) if you reside in Australia, to enforce a statutory consumer right under Australian consumer law; and (iii) brought in small claims court.| @ | @ B. Informal Negotiations| @ | @ You and EA shall first attempt to resolve any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration. The informal negotiations begin upon receipt of written notice from one party to the other ("Notice of Dispute"). The Notice of Dispute must: (a) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought. EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing or email address. You will send your Notice of Dispute to: Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City CA 94065, ATTENTION: Legal Department.| @ | @ C. Binding Arbitration| @ | @ If you and EA cannot resolve a Dispute informally, you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other. The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Consumer Arbitration Rules ("AAA Consumer Rules"), which are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879, with the following modifications:| @ | @ 1. Arbitration fees and costs shall be governed by the AAA Consumer Rules. If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive, or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the administrative fees required to initiate an arbitration, EA will pay all AAA administrative fees.| @ | @ 2. If the Dispute does not exceed $25,000, the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of written submissions.| @ | @ 3. The parties may bring any dispositive motion or motions during the course of the proceedings.| @ | @ 4. The arbitrator shall make a decision in writing, which will include the findings and conclusions on which the decision is based. The arbitrator has the authority to issue any relief allowed by applicable law, but the arbitrator shall have no authority to issue any relief on any basis other than an individual basis. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim.| @ | @ The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration, to stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.| @ | @ D. Limitations| @ | @ YOU AND EA AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING AS TO ALL DISPUTES. The arbitrator shall not consolidate another person's claims with your claims, and shall not preside over any type of representative or class proceeding. If this paragraph D is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this agreement to arbitrate shall be null and void.| @ | @ E. Location| @ | @ If you live in the United States, arbitration will take place in the county in which you reside. For residents outside the United States, arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo, State of California, United States of America, and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court, in order to compel arbitration, to stay the proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.| @ | @ F. Recovery| @ | @ If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA's last written settlement offer made before EA makes its final written submissions to the arbitrator, then EA will:| @ | @ 1. Pay you 150% of your arbitration award, up to $5,000 USD over and above your arbitration award; and| @ | @ 2. Reimburse the arbitration fees that you paid to the AAA.| @ | @ G. Changes to this Arbitration Agreement| @ | @ EA will not enforce material changes to this agreement to arbitrate, unless you expressly agree to the changes.| @ | @ H. Severability| @ | @ If any clause within this Section 15 (other than the Class Action Waiver clause in paragraph D above) is found to be unenforceable because it would preclude a particular claim or remedy (such as public injunctive relief), that claim or remedy (and only that claim or remedy) must be severed from arbitration and may be brought in court, while any remaining claims or remedies will be resolved through arbitration. If any clause within this Section 15 (other than the Class Action Waiver clause set forth in paragraph D above) is found to be unenforceable for any other reason, that clause will be severed from this Section 15 and the remainder of this Section 15 will remain in full force and effect.| @ | @ 16. Supplemental Terms for PlayStation®| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Additional terms apply to PlayStation™Store purchases.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ A. For Purchases in PlayStation™Store in North America| @ | @ Purchase and use of items are subject to the Network Terms of Service and User Agreement. This online service has been sublicensed to you by Sony Interactive Entertainment America.| @ | @ B. For Purchases in PlayStation™Store in Europe| @ | @ Any content purchased in an in-game store will be purchased from Sony Interactive Entertainment Network Europe Limited ("SIENE") and be subject to PlayStation™Network Terms of Service and User Agreement which is available on the PlayStation™Store. Please check usage rights for each purchase as these may differ from item to item. Unless otherwise shown, content available in any in-game store has the same age rating as the game.| @ | @ | @ Last Updated: November 7, 2022| @ | @ | @ 
ELECTRONIC ARTS| @ USER AGREEMENT| @ | @ | @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You agree to these terms when you use our games or any of our services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Welcome to EA. This Agreement governs your access and use of products, content and services offered by EA and its subsidiaries ("EA"), such as game software and related updates, upgrades and features, and all online and mobile services, platforms, websites, and live events hosted by or associated with EA (collectively "EA Services"). This Agreement is between you and the EA entity listed in Section 13B below.| @ | @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: If you don't agree, please don't install or use our games or services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ BY USING EA SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE EA SERVICES. FOR RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN COUNTRIES, YOU AGREE TO THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER DESCRIBED IN SECTION 15 TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES WITH EA.| @ | @ | @ TABLE OF CONTENTS| @ | @ 1. EA Account| @ 2. License| @ 3. Content and Entitlements| @ 4. Availability of EA Services and Updates| @ 5. Your UGC| @ 6. Rules of Conduct| @ 7. Games| @ 8. Termination and Other Sanctions| @ 9. Use of Data| @ 10. Other Software, Utilities and Tools| @ 11. Third Parties| @ 12. Warranties; Limitation of Liability| @ 13. General Terms| @ 14. Changes to this Agreement| @ 15. Dispute Resolutions by Binding Arbitration| @ 16. Supplemental Terms for PlayStation®| @ 17. Supplemental Terms Applicable to Purchases for Mobile Devices| @ | @ | @ 1. EA Account| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You need an EA Account to play most EA games. To create one, you must be at least the minimum age (https://help.ea.com/en/help/account/online-access-for-child-accounts/) and your parents must read and agree to these terms if you are a minor. EA can suspend or terminate your account if you break this agreement. You may cancel your EA Account or any EA subscriptions at any time.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ You need an EA Account to access and use many EA Services, including to play online.| @ | @ To create an EA Account, you must have a valid email address, and provide truthful and accurate information. You must be eligible to use the EA Service for which you are registering and must be a resident of a country where use of EA Services is permitted.| @ | @ You must be at least 13 years of age (or the minimum age of your country of residence) to create an EA Account. If your age is between the relevant minimum age and 18 (or the age of majority where you live), you and your parent or guardian must review and agree to this Agreement together. Parents and guardians are responsible for the acts of children under 18 years of age when using EA Services. EA recommends that parents and guardians familiarize themselves with parental controls on devices they provide their child.| @ | @ You are responsible for the activity on your EA Account; it's yours, don't share it. Your EA Account may be suspended or terminated if someone else uses it to engage in activity that violates this Agreement.| @ | @ You may cancel your EA Account or a subscription to an EA Service at any time by contacting EA's Customer Service Department at help.ea.com. To complete your request, EA may collect fees or costs incurred, if allowed by law, and any amounts owed to third-party vendors or content providers.| @ | @ 2. License| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA grants you access to our games and services to you for your personal enjoyment.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ The EA Services are licensed to you, not sold. EA grants you a personal, limited, non-transferable (i.e., not for sharing), revocable and non-exclusive license to use the EA Services to which you have access for your non-commercial use, subject to your compliance with this Agreement. You may not access, copy, modify or distribute any EA Service, Content or Entitlements (as those terms are defined below), unless expressly authorized by EA or permitted by law. You may not reverse engineer or attempt to extract or otherwise use source code or other data from EA Services, unless expressly authorized by EA or permitted by law. EA or its licensors own and reserve all other rights, including all right, title and interest in the EA Services and associated intellectual property rights.| @ | @ 3. Content and Entitlements| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA provides games, features and content through a series of entitlements. Some entitlements are unlocked using virtual currency that has no value outside of our games.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ The EA Services include Content and Entitlements. Content is the software, technology, text, forum posts, chat posts, profiles, widgets, messages, links, emails, music, sound, graphics, pictures, video, code, and all audio visual or other material appearing on or coming from EA Services, as well as the design and appearance of our websites. Content also includes user-generated Content ("UGC"). UGC includes EA Account personas, forum posts, profile content and other Content contributed by users to EA Services. All Content is either owned by EA or its licensors, or is licensed to EA and its licensors pursuant to Section 5 below.| @ | @ Entitlements are rights that EA licenses to you to access or use the online or off-line elements of EA Services. Examples of Entitlements include access to digital or unlockable Content; additional or enhanced functionality (including multiplayer services); subscriptions; virtual assets; unlock keys or codes, serial codes or online authentication; in-game accomplishments; and virtual points, coins, or currencies.| @ | @ We refer to these virtual points, coins or currencies as "EA Virtual Currency". When you obtain EA Virtual Currency from us or our authorized partners, you receive a personal, limited, non-assignable, non-exclusive, revocable license to access and select the Entitlements that EA expressly makes available to you.| @ | @ EA Virtual Currency has no monetary value and has no value outside of our products and services. EA Virtual Currency cannot be sold, traded, transferred, or exchanged for cash; it only may be redeemed for Entitlements available for the EA Service. EA Virtual Currency is non-refundable, and you are not entitled to a refund for any unused EA Virtual Currency. Once you redeem EA Virtual Currency for an Entitlement, that Entitlement is not returnable, exchangeable, or refundable. If you live in Japan, you agree to use any EA Virtual Currency within 180 days from the date of purchase.| @ | @ You will provide at your own expense the equipment, Internet connection and charges required to access and use EA Services.| @ | @ 4. Availability of EA Services and Updates| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Our games and services may not always be available or operate on all devices. We also may make updates or changes to our games and services, which might impact your use or game progress.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We do not guarantee that any EA Service, Content or Entitlement will be available at all times, in all locations, or at any given time or that we will continue to offer a particular EA Service, Content or Entitlements for any particular length of time. EA does not guarantee that EA Services can be accessed on all devices, by means of a specific Internet or connection provider, or in all geographic locations.| @ | @ From time to time, EA may update, change or modify an EA Service, Content or Entitlements, without notice to you. These updates and modifications may be required in order to continue to use EA Services.| @ | @ EA may need to update, or reset certain parameters to balance game play and usage of EA Services. These updates or "resets" may cause you setbacks within the relevant game world and may affect characters, games, groups or other Entitlements under your control.| @ | @ EA may also take actions on your EA Account and Entitlements without notice to you to protect you or EA, such as preventing unauthorized access, resetting EA Account passwords, suspending EA Account access, deleting data or removing EA Accounts from EA Services. Your availability to EA Services may also be affected in response to actual or suspected Rules of Conduct violations, as further described in Section 6.| @ | @ 5. Your UGC| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You allow EA and our players to use anything you upload or create (UGC) for free within our games and services. You are responsible for your UGC, it must be your own content or content you're allowed to use.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ You are responsible for your UGC. You may not upload UGC that infringes a third party's intellectual property rights or that violates the law, this Agreement or a third party's right of privacy or right of publicity.| @ | @ EA may, in its sole discretion, remove, edit or disable UGC for any reason, including if EA reasonably determines that UGC violates this Agreement. EA does not assume any responsibility or liability for UGC, for removing it, or not removing it or other Content. EA does not pre-screen all UGC and does not endorse or approve any UGC available on EA Services.| @ | @ When you contribute UGC, you grant to EA, its licensors and licensees a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, worldwide, sublicensable license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, publicly perform, publicly display or otherwise transmit and communicate the UGC, or any portion of it, in any manner or form and in any medium or forum, whether now known or later devised, without notice, payment or attribution of any kind to you or any third party. You also grant to all other users who can access and use your UGC on an EA Service the right to use, copy, modify, display, perform, create derivative works from, and otherwise communicate and distribute your UGC on or through the relevant EA Service without further notice, attribution or compensation to you.| @ | @ 6. Rules of Conduct| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We want you to have a good time playing our games. So we expect you, like all players, to respect EA, our employees and representatives as well as your fellow players. This means, for example, obey the law, don't cheat, don't be offensive, don't hack our software, don't spam or bot, don't lie to EA or our players. Those are the highlights. Read the full list of what not to do in the Rules of Conduct.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not:| @ | @ - Violate any law, rule or regulation.| @ - Interfere with or disrupt any EA Service or any server or network used to support or provide an EA Service, including any hacking or cracking into an EA Service.| @ - Use any software or program that damages, interferes with or disrupts an EA Service or another's computer or property, such as denial of service attacks, spamming, hacking, or uploading computer viruses, worms, Trojan horses, cancelbots, spyware, corrupted files and time bombs.| @ - Interfere with or disrupt another player's use of an EA Service. This includes disrupting the normal flow of game play, chat or dialogue within an EA Service by, for example, using vulgar or harassing language, being abusive, excessive shouting (all caps), spamming, flooding or hitting the return key repeatedly.| @ - Harass, threaten, bully, embarrass, spam or do anything else to another player or any EA employee or representative that is unwanted, such as repeatedly sending unwanted messages or making personal attacks or statements about race, sexual orientation, religion, heritage, etc. Hate speech is not tolerated. We won't tolerate any unwanted conduct against any EA employee and representative because of their affiliation with EA in EA Services or anywhere else.| @ - Contribute UGC or organize or participate in any activity, group or guild that is inappropriate, abusive, harassing, profane, threatening, hateful, offensive, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing, invades another's privacy, or is otherwise reasonably objectionable.| @ - Publish, post, upload or distribute UGC or content that is illegal or that you don't have permission to freely distribute.| @ - Publish, post, upload or distribute any content, such as a topic, name, screen name, avatar, persona, or other material or information, that EA (acting reasonably and objectively) determines is inappropriate, abusive, hateful, harassing, profane, defamatory, threatening, obscene, sexually explicit, infringing, privacy-invasive, vulgar, offensive, indecent or unlawful.| @ - Post a message for any purpose other than personal communication. Prohibited messages include advertising, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes and other types of solicitation or commercial activities.| @ - Impersonate another person or falsely imply that you are an EA employee or representative.| @ - Improperly use in-game support or complaint buttons or make false reports to EA staff.| @ - Attempt to obtain, or phish for, a password, account information, or other private information from anyone else on EA Services.| @ - Make use of any payment methods or refund systems to access, purchase or refund EA Services for fraudulent purposes, or without permission of the authorized owner, or otherwise concerning a criminal offence or other unlawful activity.| @ - Use any robot, spider or other automated device or process to access EA Services for any purpose such as scraping data, abuse EA Services, account creation, or copying material.| @ - Modify any file or any other part of the EA Service that EA does not specifically authorize you to modify.| @ - Use or distribute unauthorized software programs or tools (such as "auto", "macro", hack or cheat software), or use exploits, bugs or problems in an EA Service to gain unfair advantage.| @ - Engage or assist in cheating or other anticompetitive behavior (such as boosting, collusion, and match or matchmaking manipulation).| @ - Use or distribute counterfeit software or EA Content, including EA Virtual Currency.| @ - Attempt to use an EA Service on or through any service that is not controlled or authorized by EA, or otherwise intentionally obfuscate your network connection or location or other metadata to gain access to an EA Service, make purchases, or otherwise access an EA Service.| @ - Sell, buy, share, trade or otherwise transfer or offer to transfer your EA Account, any personal access to EA Services, or any EA Content associated with your EA Account, including EA Virtual Currency and other Entitlements, either within an EA Service or on a third-party website, or in connection with any out-of-game transaction, unless expressly authorized by EA.| @ - Use an EA Service in a country in which EA is prohibited from offering such services under applicable export control laws.| @ - If an EA Service requires you to create a "username" or a "persona" to represent yourself in-game and online, you should not use your real name and may not use a username or persona that is used by someone else or that EA determines is vulgar or offensive or violates someone else's rights.| @ - Engage in any other activity that significantly disturbs the peaceful, fair and respectful gaming environment of an EA Service.| @ - Use information about users publicly available in any EA Service (e.g. on a leaderboard) for any purpose unrelated to the Service, including to attempt to identify such users in the real world.| @ - Promote, encourage or take part in any prohibited activity described above.| @ | @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: To enforce these rules, we may monitor your activity and remove any UGC. If you don't follow these rules, we may warn you, suspend you, ban you permanently or place other restrictions on your EA Account, games, or related services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you or someone using your EA Account violates these rules and fails to remedy this violation after a warning, EA may take action against you, including revoking access to certain or all EA Services, Content or Entitlements, or terminating your EA Account as described in Section 8. In case of severe violations, EA may take these actions without issuing a prior warning. Some examples of severe violations include, but are not limited to: promoting, encouraging or engaging in hacking, selling EA accounts or entitlements (including virtual currencies and items) without EA's permission, extreme harassment, or threatening illegal activities. When practical, EA will notify you of the action it will take in response to violations of these rules or breach of this Agreement.| @ | @ Specific EA Services may post additional rules that apply to your conduct on those services.| @ | @ If you encounter another user who is violating any of these rules, please report this activity to EA using the "Help" or "Report Abuse" functions in the relevant EA Service, if available, or contact Customer Support at help.ea.com.| @ | @ EA may, in its discretion, monitor or record online activity or Content on EA Services and may remove any Content from any EA Service at its discretion. Remember that your communications and your UGC in an EA Service are public and will be seen by others.| @ | @ Your use of EA Services is subject to EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com, which is incorporated by reference into this Agreement.| @ | @ 7. Games| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This section applies to our games, in particular PC games, and EA-owned game platforms like the EA app or Origin.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ This Section applies to EA's games and game subscriptions ("EA Games"), including EA Games that run on a Personal Computer ("EA PC Games"), and the EA-owned client application and related services that distributes EA PC Games (the "EA app" currently https://www.origin.com/en-us/about).| @ | @ A. Technical and Content Protection Measures| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use specific security software to combat piracy and cheating, and tampering with it can result in losing access to our games.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ EA utilizes technical or content protection measures, developed by EA or third-party partners, for EA Services in order to prevent piracy and the unauthorized copying or use of EA Games. Attempting to circumvent, disable or tamper with these measures shall terminate this license.| @ | @ B. EA app| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: To play our PC games, you may need to install our PC distribution platform software. We may automatically update the software. We provide instructions so you can uninstall our games and software.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ To play EA PC Games, EA may require you to install and use the EA app client application or successor application. An EA Account, your acceptance of this Agreement, and an Internet connection are required for the EA app to authenticate and verify your license to the EA PC Game ("Authenticate" or "Authentication").| @ | @ To access and use EA Services associated with an EA PC Game, you may first need to register with the serial code enclosed with an EA PC Game. The serial code provided with the EA PC Game will be verified during Authentication. Authentication is limited to one EA Account per serial code, which means the EA PC Game is not transferable. You may only launch and access an EA PC Game on no more than five unique machines in any rolling 24-hour period.| @ | @ The EA app and EA PC Games may download and install updates, upgrades and additional features. You agree that EA has no obligation to support previous version(s) of the EA app upon the availability of an update, upgrade and/or implementation of additional features. EA may provide you with the option to download, install and use an alpha or beta version of the EA app under these same terms.| @ | @ Instructions (https://help.ea.com/en-us/help/origin/origin/manually-uninstalling-origin/) to uninstall the EA app client can be found on EA's help website, help.ea.com.| @ | @ You may uninstall EA PC Games at any time using the EA app interface and deleting any remaining locally saved files. Punkbuster may remain on your computer after uninstall. To uninstall Punkbuster, run the executable at https://www.evenbalance.com/downloads/pbsvc/pbsvc.exe.| @ | @ C. Monitoring and Anti-Cheat Measures| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA installs software to detect cheating or hacking. These programs send data on your computer to EA.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ EA utilizes technologies to detect and prevent cheating in the use of EA Services, and in particular, EA Games. These technologies may be developed by EA or a third party.| @ | @ When you launch an online-capable game, these technologies may activate using kernel, admin or user privileges, and monitor your gameplay and device's RAM, processes, communications, and file storage for the purposes of detecting violations of, and enforcing, the Code of Conduct in Section 6, including the use of Unauthorized Third-Party Programs. An Unauthorized Third-Party Program is a third-party program or file (such as a "add-on", "mod", "hack", "trainer", or "cheat") that EA believes (i) enables or facilitates cheating of any type; (ii) allows users to modify or hack the game interface, environment, and/or experience in any way not expressly authorized by EA; or (iii) intercepts, "mines", or otherwise collects information from or through the game.| @ | @ EA may collect relevant information needed for our investigation and enforcement purposes such as your account information, details related to an Unauthorized Third-Party Program, any EA PC Game files that were modified, and times cheating was detected. We also may terminate your License and your EA Account if we determine you have been cheating.| @ | @ When you exit an online-capable game, these anti-cheat technologies will be deactivated.| @ | @ 8. Termination and Other Sanctions| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: If you break this agreement or the law, EA may suspend or terminate your use of our games and services, without refunds.| @ | @ If we decide to shut down a game or a service, we will tell you at least 30 days in advance.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ This Agreement is effective until terminated by you or EA. EA may terminate your access and use of any EA Services or your EA Account if EA determines that you have violated this Agreement or that there has been otherwise unlawful, improper or fraudulent use of EA Services on your EA Account. When practical, EA will notify you of the termination. You may lose your username and persona as a result of an EA Account termination. If you have more than one EA Account, depending on the type of violation or misuse, EA may terminate all of your EA Accounts and all related Entitlements. If your EA Account is terminated, you will not have access to your EA Account or Entitlements and may be barred from accessing or using any EA Service again. Upon termination, your license under this Agreement also shall terminate.| @ | @ Instead of termination and prior to any termination, EA may issue you a warning, suspend or alter your access to a particular EA Service or your EA Account, remove or revoke Entitlements at an EA Account or device level, remove or delete any Content which is in violation with this Agreement, or ban your device or machine from accessing specific EA Services. If EA takes any action described in this Section, you will not be entitled to a refund (subject to any statutory refund rights) and no Entitlements will be credited to you or converted to cash or other forms of reimbursement.| @ | @ EA may terminate any EA Service at any time by giving at least thirty days' notice either via email (if available), within the affected EA Service, or on the service updates page of EA's website (https://www.ea.com/service-updates). After online service termination, no software updates will be applied to our games and we can't guarantee our games will continue to function on newer or updated operating systems or be available for download via application distribution services such as the iOS App Store and the Google Play Store. Any games available via such application distribution services after online service termination may be removed without further notice to you.| @ | @ If you believe that any action has been taken against your Account or device in error, please contact Customer Support at help.ea.com.| @ | @ If you terminate this agreement, you agree to cease all use of EA Services.| @ | @ Sections 5, 8-9, 11-15 of this Agreement survive termination of this Agreement.| @ | @ 9. Use of Data| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA collects various information when you play our games (even offline) to operate our business, improve our products and services, enforce our rules and communicate with you. We encourage you to read EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you use an EA Service, EA may collect and store data from your computer or device, including information about your computer or device, hardware, installed software, and operating system (such as IP Address and device ID), information about your EA Service usage, gameplay and usage statistics, system interactions and peripheral hardware. If you play an EA Service offline, this data will be stored on your device and transmitted to EA when your device connects to the Internet. EA uses this information to operate its business, improve its products and services, provide services to and communicate with you (including for marketing purposes), provide software updates, dynamically serve content and software support, enforce this Agreement, and trouble-shoot bugs or otherwise enhance your experience. If you participate in online services, EA also may collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data regarding game play (including scores, rankings and accomplishments), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players.| @ | @ Your data is collected, used, stored and transmitted by EA Inc. in the United States, in accordance with EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com.| @ | @ You can manage certain data collection preferences in the Settings tab of the EA PC Game client.| @ | @ 10. Other Software, Utilities and Tools| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: If we update our games, you may need new software to keep playing our games.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ EA Services may require or allow you to download software, software updates or patches, or other utilities and tools from EA or its licensors onto your computer, entertainment system or device. These technologies may be different across platforms, and the performance of EA Services may vary depending on your computer and other equipment. You understand that certain updates to these technologies may be required in order to continue use of an EA Services. Some of these updates may contain locked features or content that require you to pay an additional fee to access them. You consent to EA automatically installing any available updates for EA Services. Failure to install available updates may render EA Services, including EA PC Games, unplayable.| @ | @ 11. Third Parties| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You are responsible for your use of game servers and services not owned by EA.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Some EA Services may give you the option of playing on servers not owned or controlled by EA. EA does not control those services and is not responsible for your use of the EA Service on or through them. These third-party services may subject you to additional or different terms and restrictions.| @ | @ EA Services may include hyperlinks to third-party websites. Those sites may collect data or solicit personal information from you. EA does not control those sites and is not responsible for their content or for their collection, use or disclosure of personal information.| @ | @ 12. Warranties; Limitation of Liability| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: EA does not make any promises about our software, but the local law in your country may include certain warranties. The damages you can recover for legal claims are limited.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ IF YOU LIVE IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA), UNITED KINGDOM OR SWITZERLAND, THE EA SERVICES WILL BE PROVIDED WITH REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL AND NO OTHER PROMISES OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE EA SERVICES ARE MADE. IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND, EA SERVICES ARE LICENSED AND PROVIDED "AS IS." YOU USE THEM AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EA GIVES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, AND WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR PRACTICE. EA DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE PRODUCT OR EA SERVICE; THAT THE EA SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT OPERATION OF THE EA SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE FROM ERRORS, BUGS, CORRUPTION, LOSS, INTERFERENCE, HACKING OR VIRUSES, OR THAT EA SERVICES WILL INTEROPERATE OR BE COMPATIBLE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE. EA DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED VIA THE EA APP STORE. SEE https://help.ea.com/en-us/help/account/electronic-arts-warranty-policy/ FOR MORE INFORMATION ON STATUTORY WARRANTY AND OTHER STATUTORY CONSUMER RIGHTS IN YOUR TERRITORY, AND https://help.ea.com/en-au/help/account/electronic-arts-warranty-policy/ FOR RIGHTS AVAILABLE TO AUSTRALIAN CONSUMERS.| @ | @ IF YOU LIVE IN THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM OR SWITZERLAND, EA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR ACTIONS OR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR WHICH ARISE AS A RESULT OF A THIRD PARTY'S (OR ANY OTHER) ACTS OR OMISSIONS BEYOND OUR CONTROL. IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES THAT WERE NOT CAUSED BY EA'S BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES. THE TYPES OF EXCLUDED DAMAGES INCLUDE, FOR EXAMPLE, FINANCIAL LOSS (SUCH AS LOSS INCOME OR PROFITS), COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR STOPPAGE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, AND COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS LICENSE OR EA SERVICE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. IT ALSO APPLIES EVEN IF EA KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. YOU MAY RECOVER ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES IN ANY AMOUNT NO GREATER THAN WHAT YOU ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE APPLICABLE EA SERVICE. EA DOES NOT LIMIT ITS LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILFUL MISCONDUCT, OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS, SO SOME OR ALL OF THEM MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.| @ | @ If you purchased a physical copy of an EA Service from a physical retail store in the United States and you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement and have not installed or used the EA Service, you may return it for a refund or exchange within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase to the original place of purchase by following the instructions for return available at https://warrantyinfo.ea.com.| @ | @ 13. General Terms| @ | @ A. Entire Agreement| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This agreement can be changed only in writing signed by EA.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ This Agreement, together with any other EA terms that govern your use of EA Services, constitutes the entire agreement between you and EA. The Agreement may not be amended or modified unless made in writing and signed by EA. The failure of EA to exercise any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the right or any other right. If any part of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, all other parts of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.| @ | @ B. Governing Law| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: If you live in the United States, Canada or Japan, this agreement is between you and Electronic Arts Inc. If you live in any other country, this agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you live in the EEA, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Brazil, Hong Kong, Mexico or Russia, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of your country of residence govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of your country of residence.| @ | @ If you live in the Republic of Korea, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of Korea, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of Korea.| @ | @ If you live in the United States, Canada or Japan, (i) this Agreement is between you and Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065, USA; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.| @ | @ If you in live in any other country, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.| @ | @ The UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (Vienna, 1980) shall not apply to this Agreement or to any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement.| @ | @ C. Export| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You must follow all export laws, and you agree you are not a prohibited person under export laws.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ You agree to follow U.S. and other export control laws and agree not to transfer an EA Service to a foreign national, or national destination, that is prohibited by such laws. You also acknowledge you are not a person with whom EA is prohibited from doing business under these export control laws.| @ | @ 14. Changes to this Agreement| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This agreement can be updated by EA at any time. If you do not agree to certain meaningful changes, you may not be able to play our games.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ EA may modify this Agreement from time to time, so please review it frequently. For EA players who accepted a previous version of this Agreement, the revisions will become effective 30 days after posting at terms.ea.com. Your continued use of EA Services means you accept the changes. Once you accept a version of the Agreement, we will not enforce future material changes without your express agreement to them. If you are asked to accept material changes to this Agreement and you decline to do so, you may not be able to continue to use the EA Service provided.| @ | @ 15. Dispute Resolutions by Binding Arbitration| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This section only applies if you live outside of Quebec, Russia, Switzerland, Brazil, Mexico, the member states of the EEA, United Kingdom and the Republic of Korea.| @ | @ If you have a dispute, you agree to send details in writing to EA, and then arbitrate. You agree that any claim you bring against EA is in your individual capacity, and not as a class member, class representative, or as part of a class action.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ THIS SECTION APPLIES TO ALL CONSUMERS AND PEOPLE WHO ACCEPTED THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IT EXCLUDES RESIDENTS OF QUEBEC, RUSSIA, SWITZERLAND, BRAZIL, MEXICO, THE MEMBER STATES OF THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA. BY ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND EA EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY AND THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.| @ | @ This Section 15 offers a streamlined way to resolve disputes between us if they arise. Most of your concerns can be resolved quickly and satisfactorily by logging into the EA customer support interface with your Account at help.ea.com. If EA cannot resolve your concern, you and EA agree to be bound by the procedure set forth in this Section to resolve any and all disputes between us.| @ | @ This Section 15 is an agreement between you and EA, and applies to our respective agents, employees, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, beneficiaries and assigns. This agreement to arbitrate evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Section 15 and any arbitration carried out under this Section. This Section 15 shall be interpreted broadly and shall survive termination of this Agreement.| @ | @ A. Claims Covered by Arbitration| @ | @ All disputes, claims or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any EA Service and its marketing, or the relationship between you and EA, including the validity, enforceability, and scope of this Section 15 ("Disputes"), shall be determined exclusively by binding arbitration. This includes claims that accrued before you entered into this Agreement. The only Disputes not covered by this Section 15 are claims (i) regarding the infringement, protection or validity of your, EA's or EA's licensors' trade secrets, copyright, trademark or patent rights; (ii) if you reside in Australia, to enforce a statutory consumer right under Australian consumer law; and (iii) brought in small claims court.| @ | @ B. Informal Negotiations| @ | @ You and EA shall first attempt to resolve any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration. The informal negotiations begin upon receipt of written notice from one party to the other ("Notice of Dispute"). The Notice of Dispute must: (a) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought. EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing or email address. You will send your Notice of Dispute to: Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City CA 94065, ATTENTION: Legal Department.| @ | @ C. Binding Arbitration| @ | @ If you and EA cannot resolve a Dispute informally, you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other. The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Consumer Arbitration Rules ("AAA Consumer Rules"), which are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879, with the following modifications:| @ | @ 1. Arbitration fees and costs shall be governed by the AAA Consumer Rules. If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive, or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the administrative fees required to initiate an arbitration, EA will pay all AAA administrative fees.| @ | @ 2. If the Dispute does not exceed $25,000, the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of written submissions.| @ | @ 3. The parties may bring any dispositive motion or motions during the course of the proceedings.| @ | @ 4. The arbitrator shall make a decision in writing, which will include the findings and conclusions on which the decision is based. The arbitrator has the authority to issue any relief allowed by applicable law, but the arbitrator shall have no authority to issue any relief on any basis other than an individual basis. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim.| @ | @ The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration, to stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.| @ | @ D. Limitations| @ | @ YOU AND EA AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING AS TO ALL DISPUTES. The arbitrator shall not consolidate another person's claims with your claims, and shall not preside over any type of representative or class proceeding. If this paragraph D is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this agreement to arbitrate shall be null and void.| @ | @ E. Location| @ | @ If you live in the United States, arbitration will take place in the county in which you reside. For residents outside the United States, arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo, State of California, United States of America, and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court, in order to compel arbitration, to stay the proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.| @ | @ F. Recovery| @ | @ If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA's last written settlement offer made before EA makes its final written submissions to the arbitrator, then EA will:| @ | @ 1. Pay you 150% of your arbitration award, up to $5,000 USD over and above your arbitration award; and| @ | @ 2. Reimburse the arbitration fees that you paid to the AAA.| @ | @ G. Changes to this Arbitration Agreement| @ | @ EA will not enforce material changes to this agreement to arbitrate, unless you expressly agree to the changes.| @ | @ H. Severability| @ | @ If any clause within this Section 15 (other than the Class Action Waiver clause in paragraph D above) is found to be unenforceable because it would preclude a particular claim or remedy (such as public injunctive relief), that claim or remedy (and only that claim or remedy) must be severed from arbitration and may be brought in court, while any remaining claims or remedies will be resolved through arbitration. If any clause within this Section 15 (other than the Class Action Waiver clause set forth in paragraph D above) is found to be unenforceable for any other reason, that clause will be severed from this Section 15 and the remainder of this Section 15 will remain in full force and effect.| @ | @ 16. Supplemental Terms for PlayStation®| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Additional terms apply to PlayStation™Store purchases.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ A. For Purchases in PlayStation™Store in North America| @ | @ Purchase and use of items are subject to the Network Terms of Service and User Agreement. This online service has been sublicensed to you by Sony Interactive Entertainment America.| @ | @ B. For Purchases in PlayStation™Store in Europe| @ | @ Any content purchased in an in-game store will be purchased from Sony Interactive Entertainment Network Europe Limited ("SIENE") and be subject to PlayStation™Network Terms of Service and User Agreement which is available on the PlayStation™Store. Please check usage rights for each purchase as these may differ from item to item. Unless otherwise shown, content available in any in-game store has the same age rating as the game.| @ | @ 17. Supplemental Terms Applicable to Purchases for Mobile Devices| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Additional terms apply to mobile device purchases.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you live in the United States, Canada or Japan, the seller of Content and Entitlements purchased from EA for use on a mobile device is Electronic Arts Inc. If you live in any other country, the seller of such Content and Entitlements purchased from EA is EA Swiss Sàrl. Any EA subsidiary identified as the seller of the Content and Entitlements on the mobile app store is acting in its capacity as agent of either Electronic Arts Inc. or EA Swiss Sàrl.| @ | @ | @ Last Updated: November 7, 2022| @ | @ | @ 
EMPIRE
EXIT PHOTO MODE
Each enemy killed during Slow gives a small amount of Life.
Easily defeated in single combat, but dangerous in numbers.
East Plot
Easy to parry, avoid being surrounded.
Ebon Flow
Edgehawk
Edgeworn Iron
Edit
Edit Controls
Eerin Siinaa
Effects
Effects
Efficient Heat Transfer
Eilram's Sarcophagus
Electricity Conduits
Electro Dart Unlocked
Electrobaton Purge Trooper
Electrohammer Purge Trooper
Electron Wall
Electronic Arts
Electronic Arts Inc.| @ Privacy and Cookie Policy| @ | @ | @ Your privacy is important to EA and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously. This policy describes how Electronic Arts Inc. ("EA") processes the personal information we collect about you when you use our products and services or when you attend live events hosted by or in connection with EA (collectively, "Services" or "EA Services"). In some cases, our subsidiaries may be considered data controllers, either together with EA or by themselves.| @ | @ TABLE OF CONTENTS| @ | @ 1. Information We Collect| @ 2. How We Collect Your Information| @ 3. How We Use Your Information| @ 4. Who May Receive Your Information| @ 5. Where We Hold Your Information| @ 6. How We Protect Your Information| @ 7. Children| @ 8. Your Choices and Controls| @ 9. Third-Party Services| @ 10. Information for California Residents| @ 11. Changes to Our Policy| @ 12. Contact Us| @ 13. Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority| @ | @ | @ 1. Information We Collect| @ | @ The information we collect depends on what Services you use and how you use them.| @ | @ A. Information You Give Us Directly| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We collect information that you give us directly, such as when you create an EA Account, set up security questions, make purchases, or contact EA Help.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We collect information that you provide us, such as:| @ | @ - Your EA Account information, including your email address, username, real name, country, date of birth, telephone number and password;| @ - Security questions and answers;| @ - Information you provide in response to surveys about our Services;| @ - Information you provide when seeking help from us, such as your name, telephone number, and records (including call recordings) of the issues you experience; and| @ - Billing information, such as your name, payment card number, payment account details, and shipping address.| @ | @ B. Information You Provide When Playing Online| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: When you play online, we may collect information about your gaming profile, your gameplay, or your use of social features.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you use our social features, any text, audio, visual, and/or other electronic communications information that you disclose may be read, copied, collected, or used by other players, and may become publicly available. Please make sure your privacy settings reflect your preferences.| @ | @ When you play our online games, your in-game profile information, gameplay, and statistics are collected and some may be visible in-game, as well as visible to players outside the game in other EA Services, such as RaceNet. In some of our titles, we may record your gameplay and replay it to other players in-game and/or make it visible to other players outside the game in other EA Services. Leaderboards may also be available to view by other players outside the game in other EA Services. In competitive game modes, we may record your gameplay, and your controller button inputs, and replay these together with your in-game profile information and game statistics to other players in-game and at live EA or partner events.| @ | @ C. Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Services| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We may collect other information when you use our Services, such as information about your device, hardware and software information, IP address, or browser information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We may collect other information automatically when you use our Services, such as:| @ | @ - IP address;| @ - Information about your device, hardware, and software, such as your hardware identifiers, mobile device identifiers (like Apple Identifier for Advertising [IDFA], or Android Advertising ID [AAID]), platform type, settings and components, EA software and updates you have installed, and the presence of required plugins;| @ - Approximate geolocation data (derived from IP or device settings);| @ - Browser information, including your browser type and the language preference;| @ - Referring and exit pages, including pages viewed and other interactions with web content;| @ - Details about what Services you purchase or obtain, and your use of them;| @ - Device event information, including crash reports, request and referral URLs, and system activity details (e.g., whether you encountered an error playing our games or lost Internet access); and| @ - Other information (such as your likeness) that you may provide as part of your participation in live events.| @ | @ We also may collect and store information locally on your device, using mechanisms like cookies, browser web storage (including HTML 5), and application data caches.| @ | @ D. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We may receive information about you from third parties, such as Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo, Google, mobile platforms, or third-party authenticators that you use to sign in to our Services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We may receive information about you contained in third-party user accounts when you use EA online Services on or through third-party gaming platforms, such as those listed below. This information is provided to EA as part of establishing or linking an EA Account, which is necessary to access EA's online services. Your use of EA online Services through these third parties indicates your agreement for the transfer of this information. Examples of information we receive are provided below. We never receive your credit card number or other financial information from these third parties as part of establishing or linking an EA Account.| @ | @ - PlayStation®3 system, PlayStation®4 system, & PlayStation®5 console. Sony provides information from your account for PlayStation™Network such as your Online ID, email address, country, language, friend list, date of birth, and certain preferences.| @ | @ - Xbox network. Microsoft provides information such as your Gamertag, email address, country, language, friend list, date of birth, and certain preferences.| @ | @ - Wii / Wii U / Nintendo Switch™. Nintendo provides (as applicable to the device you have) information such as your Mii character, nickname, Nintendo Network ID, Nintendo Account, email address, country, language, friend list, date of birth, and certain preferences.| @ | @ Social Gaming Platforms. When you use third-party social gaming platforms (such as Discord or Twitch) and link your EA Account, we may receive information associated with your account on those platforms. Please review the notices presented to you when linking your accounts for details on the information EA receives.| @ | @ Mobile Platforms. If you play or purchase our games on your mobile device or tablet, we receive information about you from the app stores and other mobile platform providers. This information may include your username or device ID and the fact that you made a purchase, as applicable, but does not include any financial information. Some of our mobile platforms may send information to us that you authorize them to provide. Our mobile games also may request additional personal information from you, such as push notification tokens or contact list, however, we will collect this information only if you provide us with permission.| @ | @ Other Third Parties| @ | @ We may receive information from other third parties, like Facebook or Apple Game Center, when you use these services with our games. We may also receive information about you when other players choose to share their contact lists with us or from publicly-available websites.| @ | @ E. Legal Basis for Processing| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Depending on where you reside, we may rely on different legal bases to process your information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Our legal basis for processing your personal information varies depending on the type of information we collect, the context in which we collect it as well as on your country of residence, as indicated when you are setting up your EA Account or, when not signed into an EA Account, your location as determined by your IP address and/or your device registration country.| @ | @ If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) or of a jurisdiction where similar legal requirements may apply such as Brazil, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, we rely on a number of legal bases to process information about you. We will process information about you where we have your consent, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, and/or where we have a legal obligation to process your information. For example, we typically rely on:| @ | @ - consent when placing cookies on your device on the web (through our cookie consent manager) to send you email marketing, or to deliver third party targeted advertising to you on our Services;| @ - our legitimate interests to process your information when providing you with customer service support, to serve targeted EA marketing of our Services, or for fraud prevention and security purposes; and| @ - on contractual necessity to process information when you create an EA Account or otherwise use our Services to enable us to provide you with our Services.| @ | @ If you are a resident in a territory where our legitimate interests mentioned above are not recognized as a lawful basis under applicable law, we will identify and use other appropriate lawful bases to process your personal information such as contractual necessity or your consent.| @ | @ 2. How We Collect Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use various technologies to deliver and measure the effectiveness of our Services, to serve advertisements, and to enhance your player experience. These technologies include cookies and similar technologies, as well as analytics, advertising, anti-cheat, and anti-fraud technologies.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We and third parties use technologies described below to collect information to deliver our Services.| @ | @ A. Cookies and Similar Technologies| @ | @ Cookies are small text files stored on your Internet browser. We and our third-party partners use cookies and similar tracking technologies to help us understand things like what web pages, features, or ads you view and what games you play. This information helps us keep track of your shopping cart, measure the effectiveness of our advertising, make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly, and otherwise enhance your experience. Please refer to Section 8: Your Choices and Controls for information on how to manage your cookie preferences.| @ | @ We may use tracking pixels or clear GIFs to collect information about your use of our Services and your response to our marketing emails. We use Internet log files (which contain technical data such as your IP address) to monitor traffic on our Services, troubleshoot technical problems, detect and prevent fraud, and enforce our User Agreement.| @ | @ We also use Analytics, Advertising, Anti-Cheat, and Anti-Fraud technologies in our Services. These technologies may utilize the same cookies or similar mechanisms as further described below.| @ | @ B. Analytics Technologies| @ | @ We use internal and third-party analytics technologies to collect information about how you use our Services, your computer or device and the health of our Services.| @ | @ For instance, we may collect and store data from your computer or device when you use our Services. This information includes technical and related information about your computer, device, and operating and/or network systems (such as IP Address and device identifiers); information about your engagement with certain features and services; gameplay and usage statistics; as well as system interactions and peripheral hardware. We may also collect and store data from your device to create probabilistic identifiers for the purposes of analyzing the services accessed by our players across devices. If you play a game offline without connecting to the Internet, this data will be stored on your device and transmitted to us when your device connects to the Internet. If you participate in online Services, we may also collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display your personal and/or statistical data regarding your game play (including scores, rankings and accomplishments), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players.| @ | @ Third-party analytics technologies integrated into our Services may (including SDK [Software Development Kit] and API [Application Program Interface] integrations) combine the information they collect in connection with your use of EA's Services with information they have independently collected over time and/or across different platforms. Many of these companies collect and use information pursuant to their own privacy policies. A list of third-party analytics companies that operate in our Services as well as how to opt-out to the extent applicable can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com.| @ | @ C. Ad Serving Technologies| @ | @ Some of our Services employ ad serving technologies that use cookies, clear GIFs, web beacons, tracking pixels, SDK, API, and other similar technologies to deliver offers and advertising to you within EA Services as well as on third-party platforms and sites, and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns. Some of these technologies can sync or connect behavior across different websites, mobile apps and devices to tailor offers and advertising to your interests. For instance, you may be presented with an offer for a game we think you might enjoy. Or, if you express interest in a game, you may receive an advertisement later for that game or similar Services on EA or third-party sites. Other in-game advertising technologies enable offers to be temporarily uploaded to your game, web browser, or mobile device and later replaced while you are online.| @ | @ These technologies collect and use information so we can serve appropriate offers and advertising to you, to measure effectiveness and distribution of these offers and advertising, and to understand how users interact with our Services. In addition to identifiers and certain information listed in Section 1(C): Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Services above, this information may include:| @ | @ - Advertisements served and the location of the ad;| @ - Length of time an advertisement was visible;| @ - Domain type, IP address, size of the advertisement;| @ - Your interaction, if any, with the ad; and| @ - Advertisement response.| @ | @ Third-party advertising companies may combine the information collected in the context of delivering an offer to you via our Services with other information they have independently collected over time and/or across different websites. Many of these companies collect and use information pursuant to their own privacy policies. A list of ad serving companies that operate their own networks on our Services, their privacy notices, as well as how to opt-out to the extent applicable can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com.| @ | @ To learn more about some of these ad networks' practices, or to opt-out of third-party targeted advertising, you can also visit www.networkadvertising.org, www.aboutads.info/choices, youradchoices.ca, or www.youronlinechoices.eu. Note that opting-out does not mean you won't see ads; rather, it means that the advertising you see may not be as relevant to you.| @ | @ D. Anti-Cheat and Fraud Prevention Technologies| @ | @ We strive to provide a safe and fair gaming environment for all players. When you use our Services, we or third parties may use cookies and similar technologies and collect data about your machine or device, to create a machine "fingerprint" or "hash" of your machine components, for fraud prevention, security and authentication purposes. We may also monitor publicly-available information, third-party sites, and/or use anti-cheat technology within our Services, including automated anti-fraud and abuse algorithms. If you believe your access to our games and/or Services was blocked by this technology in error, please contact us at EA Help (help.ea.com).| @ | @ 3. How We Use Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use your information to operate our Services, to improve your game experience, to provide you customer support, to serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising, and to personalize our communications with you.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We use your personal information, both individually and combined together, in the following ways.| @ | @ To operate our business and to enhance and personalize your game experience, including to:| @ | @ - Operate, analyze, improve, and develop our games and Services;| @ - Undertake research and analysis to develop and demonstrate our technology, and to better understand our players;| @ - Populate online leaderboards and enable online matchmaking;| @ - Provide replays to you and other players via spectator modes;| @ - Help you find your friends or tell your friends about an EA game or Service;| @ - Facilitate sharing on social networks;| @ - Manage and serve advertising in-game and on third-party platforms;| @ - Measure the effectiveness and distribution of advertising, including understanding who engages with our Services and how they interact with our Services;| @ - Measure the health of our Services;| @ - Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity;| @ - Set up and maintain accounts for which you register;| @ - Provide game experiences that you may like, including personalizing your game experience;| @ - Set up and facilitate loyalty programs;| @ - Facilitate your gameplay on multiple devices and/or platforms, as applicable;| @ - Identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs or functionality errors;| @ - Provide software updates;| @ - Authenticate and activate your games and save game-play data, including progress;| @ - Facilitate competitions and contests;| @ - Perform audits, transactions, and other compliance activities;| @ - Adhere to your preferences and to deliver content;| @ - Help keep our Services safe and fair, resolve disputes, investigate and help curb fraud and illegal behavior, comply with the law, and to enforce our agreements and policies; and| @ - Other purposes you consent to, are notified of, or are otherwise disclosed to you when you provide personal information.| @ | @ To provide you support, including to:| @ | @ - Help identify and troubleshoot problems with your account or Services;| @ - Facilitate surveys or questionnaires;| @ - Communicate with you and respond to your specific requests or questions; and| @ - Manage and send you confirmations and important information about your account, Services, purchases, subscriptions, and warranties.| @ | @ To personalize our communications with you, including to:| @ | @ - Provide you with relevant EA content, recommendations, information or offers; and| @ - Provide you with Service updates.| @ | @ Retention. We retain the information we collect for as long as necessary to provide our Services, and we may retain that information beyond that period if necessary for legal, operational, or other legitimate reasons.| @ | @ Where possible, we may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate the information we collect, or collect it in a way that does not directly identify you. We may use and share such information as necessary for our business purposes and as permitted by applicable law.| @ | @ 4. Who May Receive Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients we describe in this section, such as to provide our Services and to deliver advertisements.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Service providers. Vendors and other service providers that help us operate our business and provide you with Services may receive your personal information. We require that any service provider processing your personal information only do so on our behalf and for purposes consistent with this policy, such as the purposes described in Section 3: How We Use Your Information.| @ | @ Business partners. We may provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer Services. These partners include the companies that provide the platform on which you play our games, such as Sony (PlayStation®4 system or PlayStation®5 console), Microsoft (Xbox), or others.| @ | @ Affiliates and subsidiaries. We may disclose personal information to other companies in which we have an ownership interest as necessary for the purposes outlined in this policy.| @ | @ Advertising partners. Through our Services, we may allow third-party advertising partners to use technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your use of EA's Services and your device (such as your IP address, mobile identifiers, pages visited, location, browser information, time of day). We also may share information relating to your device and your use of our Services with our third-party advertising partners so they may deliver targeted advertisements to you when you visit third-party services and websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as "interest-based advertising," "online behavioral advertising," or "targeted advertising."| @ | @ Please refer to Section 2(C): Ad Serving Technologies for more detail regarding online advertising, as well as Section 8: Your Choices and Controls regarding your relevant choices and controls.| @ | @ Disclosures to protect us or others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others' rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity. In particular, if we receive a report that you have violated our policies (like our Positive Play Charter at https://www.ea.com/commitments/positive-play/charter), we may disclose that report and other relevant information to the platform on which you play our games.| @ | @ Disclosure in the event of merger, sale, or other asset transfer. In the event of a reorganization, divestiture, merger, sale, or bankruptcy, we may transfer all information we collect to the relevant third party and will obtain your consent to do so if required by law or contract.| @ | @ Third-party plugins. When third-party technologies or social tools are integrated into our Services, those third parties may collect information about your use of our Services. An example is the Facebook "Like" button.| @ | @ In certain instances (such as on our websites), our Services incorporate YouTube videos. This integration is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service (https://www.youtube.com/t/terms), and may result in the collection of your personal information by Google according to the Google Privacy Policy (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy). If you have authorized us to receive your YouTube or other Google information, such as through logging in to our Services through your Google Account, you may manage your authorization (including revocation) through the Google Security Settings (https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions). You may also have other rights with respect to your personal information that we have collected, as described in Section 8: Your Choices and Controls.| @ | @ Cross-platform sharing. Some of our games allow you to connect and play with friends and members of a game's community, regardless of what platform they play on. For example, someone on an Xbox could join a match with a player who is using a PlayStation®4 system or PlayStation®5 console. We call this ability to match players across platforms "Cross-Play." When Cross-Play is enabled and you play with someone on another platform, that other platform may receive your platform's ID (such as Xbox Gamertag, or Online ID of your account for PlayStation™Network) along with other information necessary to enable Cross-Play. In addition, we may provide information regarding your use of Cross-Play features to the platform on which you play our games. You can change your Cross-Play preferences by visiting the game's or your platform's settings menus.| @ | @ Some of our games may also allow you to continue progress on a game between platforms, as well as enable the ability for your purchases on one platform to be available on another platform. We will share your information with platforms to the extent necessary to enable these features.| @ | @ Other platforms receiving your information may include Sony (PlayStation®4 system or PlayStation®5 console), Microsoft (Xbox), Nintendo (Nintendo Switch), Valve (Steam), Epic, and additional platforms as they become available for these features. Your information received by these platforms may be subject to their respective privacy notices.| @ | @ With your consent. We may disclose your information to other recipients with your express consent, unless otherwise described above. For example, you may agree to us sharing your information with a certain company or organization to hear about their products, services, or promotions, or if you tell us that you want to link your EA Account with another company's services. These recipients will process the information you agree to share according to their respective privacy notices.| @ | @ 5. Where We Hold Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We store and process your information in the United States and other countries where we operate. When we do this, we utilize technical, physical, and administrative safeguards to meet data transfer requirements set by various privacy laws, such as the European General Data Protection Regulation.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you access EA Services, including when available on third-party platforms, your personal information is generally collected by EA directly and processed in the United States. Personal information we collect may be subsequently stored and processed for the purposes set out in this Privacy and Cookie Policy in the United States or any other country in which EA, its subsidiaries, or third-party agents operate. By consenting to the transfer of your personal data outside of your country of residence, you acknowledge that your personal information may be transferred to recipients in the United States and other countries that may not offer the same level of privacy protection as the laws in your country of residence or citizenship.| @ | @ EA's privacy practices comply with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Cross-Border Privacy Rules System (APEC CBPR). The APEC CBPR System provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework is available here: https://www.apec.org/about-us/about-apec/fact-sheets/what-is-the-cross-border-privacy-rules-system.| @ | @ EA complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. EA has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. EA has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.| @ | @ EA is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. EA complies with the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.| @ | @ The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over EA's compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, EA may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.| @ | @ In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, EA commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request) for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TrustArc are provided at no cost to you.| @ | @ Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Data Privacy Framework website (https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/), you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.| @ | @ 6. How We Protect Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use a range of security measures to secure and protect your information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Security of your information is a priority at EA and we take a range of technical and organizational measures to help protect it, including encryption of sensitive information. Even so, please be aware that no security measure is perfect. Thus we cannot guarantee the security of your information at all times. You should always be diligent when it comes to the protection of your personal information. Learn more about EA Security at https://www.ea.com/security.| @ | @ 7. Children| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We strive to provide age-appropriate experiences for children. Depending on the age of the child accessing our online Services, parents or guardians may need to provide permission to enable their child to access certain online features of our Services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Although the majority of EA Services are intended for adults, EA recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of children who may access our Services online. We strive to ensure that children who access our Services receive age-appropriate experiences by employing data minimization, privacy by design, and default practices. We consider the best interests of children when determining the age-appropriate experience they receive and take into account the developmental maturity of children of different ages. When children reach the age of majority in their country or territory, they may receive the adult experience.| @ | @ When players identify themselves as being children under the minimum age of digital consent guidelines set by the law of individual countries or territories, we will:| @ | @ (1) obtain consent from parents for the use of their children's personal information, when required by applicable law. For example, we allow parents to create a child EA Account on certain Services, and with parental consent EA will collect and use certain children's personal information to manage a child EA Account;| @ | @ (2) disable features in certain Services that could allow a child to share information that directly identifies them, unless a parent has provided relevant consent to us or the third-party platform on which their child is playing. For example, we will respect third-party (console) parental controls as they apply to game features that could allow a child to provide personal information in online or multiplayer games (such as through chat or user generated content);| @ | @ (3) collect and use certain information for limited purposes only. For example, we may send local in-app notifications, which do not rely on collecting personal information. Also, persistent device identifiers like IP address or advertising device identifier may be collected to support our internal operations, such as:| @ | @ - Delivering the Services;| @ - Maintaining or analyzing the functionality of the Service;| @ - Serving contextual ads or frequency capping;| @ - Protecting the security or integrity of the user of Service; or| @ - Legal or regulatory compliance;| @ | @ (4) not condition a child's participation in an activity (such as gaming contests) on the disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. With certain Service-related activities, we may not permit children to participate at all, even if we have consent; and| @ | @ (5) offer parental controls and choices. If you are a parent or guardian and wish to revoke your previously provided consent, review information collected from your child or have that information deleted, please contact us via the options in Section 12: Contact Us. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child's account and/or revert them to the age-appropriate experience, as applicable.| @ | @ If we make material changes to how we collect, use, share or otherwise process your child's personal information, we will notify parents as required by applicable law.| @ | @ We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and the risks of disclosing personal information online. You and your child should review the privacy settings applicable to their use of our Services, a summary of which is available on our Player and Parental Tools page: https://www.ea.com/commitments/positive-play/parental-controls.| @ | @ 8. Your Choices and Controls| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We provide you with choice and control about our use of your information, including your ability to exercise your data privacy rights.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We give you meaningful choices when it comes to our collection and use of your information. For example, if you no longer want to receive marketing emails from EA, you may click the unsubscribe link included in the footer of any marketing email we send.| @ | @ You can learn how to exercise any of your privacy rights by visiting our My Privacy Rights portal: https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal.| @ | @ You may appeal our decision regarding your privacy rights. To do so, please visit our My Privacy Rights portal (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal#sectionOther) and click on "Other privacy enquiries".| @ | @ Verification of account ownership. To protect your account security and personal information, you may be asked to verify your account ownership prior to us processing your request to exercise your data privacy rights. Verification methods include being logged into your EA Account, confirming ownership and access to the email address associated with your account, and/or confirming other unique account details.| @ | @ Authorized agents. You can use an authorized agent to make a request to exercise your data privacy rights. Please contact us at EA Help (help.ea.com) to initiate that request. If you use an authorized agent to exercise your right to deletion, access, or correction, we will require that you verify your account ownership directly with us, unless you have provided your agent with a valid power of attorney consistent with California law that includes a comparable proof of account ownership.| @ | @ If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information for targeted marketing purposes, we will require your signed permission demonstrating that you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf.| @ | @ Your right to deletion. You may deactivate your EA Account or delete the personal information associated with your account by contacting us at EA Help (help.ea.com). If you do so, you will no longer have access to the EA games or Services associated with your account. Note that EA may retain information needed to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreements, protect our legal rights, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our Services. Otherwise, we will retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to provide you with, create, and improve our Services, and to comply with the law.| @ | @ Your right to access (or "know"). You can access the personal information we hold about you, including the categories of personal information collected, where we collect it from, why and how we use it, and who may receive this information (including to whom it may be sold or shared, as those terms are defined under applicable law). The generally applicable details about our processing are provided in this Policy. With respect to the information specific to our processing of your information, you can download a copy of your EA Account information by visiting your EA Account (https://myaccount.ea.com/cp-ui/downloaddata/index) and clicking the "Your EA Data" tab. To receive further details, please contact us at EA Help (help.ea.com).| @ | @ Your right to correction. You can request correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools, such as those on the EA Account customer portal, that enable you to update some of your personal information: https://myaccount.ea.com/cp-ui/aboutme/index.| @ | @ Your right to opt-out or object to certain processing. You may opt-out of targeted advertising, or object to processing of your data based on our legitimate interests, where applicable law provides for such rights. To exercise these rights, please see further instructions in our My Privacy Rights portal (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal), including the Targeted Advertising Provided by Third Parties section.| @ | @ Cookie Controls. If you are in a location whose laws may require additional choices, you can control cookies and similar technologies used on most EA sites for certain optional functional and advertising analytics and targeted advertising purposes via the banner that appears at the bottom of the webpage during your first visit. You can also disable some cookies, limit the types of cookies you allow, or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please refer to guidance provided by your individual web browser if you'd like help in managing your cookie preferences.| @ | @ CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: You have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by us for targeted advertising purposes. Please review the My Privacy Rights portal (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal), including the Targeted Advertising Provided by Third Parties section, regarding this right and how to exercise it.| @ | @ The effect of your choice will depend on the context in which you exercise it:| @ | @ - If you opt-out of having your information shared for purposes of targeted advertising on PC and console through your EA Account, your choice will take effect for any PC and console games that you have logged into with your EA Account.| @ - If you opt-out of having your information shared for purposes of targeted advertising through one of our mobile game settings, your choice will take effect for that mobile game.| @ - If you opt-out of having your information shared for purposes of web targeted advertising through our cookies controls, your choice will take effect when visiting our websites through the browser and device on which you made that choice.| @ | @ Global Privacy Control. In certain regions, we recognize an opt-out preference signal sent by your web browser (sometimes referred to as the Global Privacy Control or "GPC") as a valid request to opt-out of the sale and sharing of the personal information processed via the browser you are using. In practice this controls whether your browser loads third-party cookies on our Services' websites that are used for targeted advertising, or may otherwise be considered a "sale" of personal information. We process this signal only based on browser settings, so you would need to set them separately for different browsers on the same device and across devices. Please review the list of browsers that support GPC and associated instructions (https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download) on how to enable it. GPC does not control targeted advertising in our PC, console, or mobile games and must be changed via your account or the game's settings, as described above.| @ | @ You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of these privacy rights.| @ | @ 9. Third-Party Services| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Our websites and Services may contain ads or links to third-party services and sites.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Our websites and Services may contain advertising or links to third-party services (such as the Facebook "Like" button or links to third-party websites). If you click on those links, including an advertisement, you will leave the EA Service and go to the third-party service or site that you selected. If you visit a third-party website or use a third-party service, you should consult that service's or site's privacy policy as your use of third-party sites or services is governed by their privacy policies.| @ | @ 10. Information for California Residents| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: California law requires certain additional disclosures about how we process your personal information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ A. Notice at Collection| @ | @ Depending on your use of our Services, the following categories of personal information may have been collected and disclosed in the preceding 12 months, as these categories are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"):| @ | @ - Identifiers; such as a real name, user name, account name, email, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, or mobile device identifiers;| @ - Account login data; we collect and process the credentials necessary for you to access your EA Account; for any third-party connected accounts, following your authorization, we collect an access token that allows us to receive information from that third-party specific to your account with them;| @ - Purchase information; such as payment card number, payment account details, billing address, and other payment information;| @ - Characteristics of Protected Classifications under state or federal law; such as age or gender;| @ - Commercial Information; such as products or services interaction and purchase history;| @ - Internet or Electronic Network Activity information; such as, browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with our games, websites, applications, and/or advertisements;| @ - Approximate (coarse) geolocation data; such as location data derived from IP address or device settings;| @ - Audio or Electronic information; such as when you play our games, play certain multiplayer modes, use chat features, or participate in competitive game modes or live events;| @ - Contents of players' in-game messaging;| @ - Inferences; such as consumer preferences drawn from the above.| @ | @ In certain circumstances, we may also collect and disclose additional information, such as:| @ | @ - If you are the recipient of a contest or sweepstakes prize that requires tax reporting, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a social security number).| @ - If you participate in our competitive gaming events, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a passport number), financial information (such as bank accounts), and health-related information.| @ - If you participate in our user experience research, we may collect financial information (such as bank accounts), health-related information and video footage of your gameplay, as well as your recorded image throughout the session.| @ | @ We may collect and disclose other categories of personal information to the extent that you provide them through in-game chat, forums, or through our player support channels.| @ | @ Collection, use, and disclosure of this information is made for one or more of the business or commercial purposes listed in Section 3: How We Use Your Information.| @ | @ The following categories of personal information may be "sold" or "shared," as those terms are defined under the CCPA, for purposes of targeted advertising:| @ | @ - Identifiers; such as a real name, user name, account name, email, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, or mobile device identifiers;| @ - Characteristics of Protected Classifications under state or federal law; such as age or gender;| @ - Commercial Information; such as products or services interaction and purchase history;| @ - Internet or Electronic Network Activity information; such as, browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with our games, websites, applications, and/or advertisements;| @ - Approximate (coarse) geolocation data; such as location data derived from IP address or device settings;| @ - Audio or Electronic information; such as when you play our games, play certain multiplayer modes, use chat features, or participate in competitive game modes or live events;| @ - Inferences; such as consumer preferences drawn from the above.| @ | @ This information may have been sold or shared with our advertising partners for the purposes described in the respective paragraph of Section 4: Who May Receive Your Information.| @ | @ We do not "sell" or "share," as those terms are defined under the CCPA, personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.| @ | @ We retain the information we collect for as long as necessary to provide our Services, and we may retain that information beyond that period if necessary for legal, operational, or other legitimate reasons.| @ | @ Please review Your Choices (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal) related to the sale and sharing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising.| @ | @ For additional details, please review our overall Privacy and Cookie Policy: https://tos.ea.com/legalapp/WEBPRIVACY/US/en/pc2/.| @ | @ B. Supplemental California Privacy Notice| @ | @ Please see below for more details about how we process your personal information, incorporating the notice immediately above.| @ | @ For each of the categories of personal information referenced above:| @ | @ - The categories of sources from which the personal information may have been collected are listed in Section 1: Information We Collect.| @ - The categories of third-party recipients to which the personal information may be disclosed are listed in Section 4: Who May Receive Your Information.| @ | @ C. Your Rights| @ | @ Please see Section 8: Your Choices and Controls for a summary of your California privacy rights and how to exercise them.| @ | @ 11. Changes to Our Policy| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This policy will be updated from time to time and we will notify you of material changes.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We may occasionally update this privacy policy. When we do, we will revise the "last updated" date at the bottom of the policy. If there are material changes to this policy, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification.| @ | @ 12. Contact Us| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You may contact us if you have questions about this policy.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you have questions about this policy, please use our My Privacy Rights portal to contact our Data Protection Officer: https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal.| @ | @ To contact EA, including our Data Protection Officer, you can also use the following address: Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065. Electronic Arts Inc.'s representative in the European Union is Electronic Arts Ireland Limited, Parkmore West Business Park, 1, Ballybrit, Galway, H91 Y2R5, Ireland. Electronic Arts Inc.'s representative in the United Kingdom is Electronic Arts Limited, Onslow House, Onslow Street, Guildford, GU1 4TN, United Kingdom.| @ | @ 13. Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You may have the right to contact your Data Protection Authority.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you have a concern about how we collect and use information, please contact us. You also have the right to contact your local Data Protection Authority if you prefer, such as:| @ | @ - Data Protection Authorities in the EEA: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en;| @ - Swiss authorities: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/deredoeb/kontakt.html;| @ - UK authority: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.| @ | @ Where appropriate, your local data protection authority may also forward the matter to the Department of Commerce or FTC for consideration.| @ | @ If you have an unresolved concern over our data practices that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge): https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.| @ | @ | @ Last Updated: October 10, 2023
Electronic Arts Inc.| @ Privacy and Cookie Policy| @ | @ | @ Your privacy is important to EA and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously. This policy describes how Electronic Arts Inc. ("EA") processes the personal information we collect about you when you use our products and services or when you attend live events hosted by or in connection with EA (collectively, "Services" or "EA Services"). In some cases, our subsidiaries may be considered data controllers, either together with EA or by themselves.| @ | @ TABLE OF CONTENTS| @ | @ 1. Information We Collect| @ 2. How We Collect Your Information| @ 3. How We Use Your Information| @ 4. Who May Receive Your Information| @ 5. Where We Hold Your Information| @ 6. How We Protect Your Information| @ 7. Children| @ 8. Your Choices and Controls| @ 9. Third-Party Services| @ 10. Information for California Residents| @ 11. Changes to Our Policy| @ 12. Contact Us| @ 13. Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority| @ | @ | @ 1. Information We Collect| @ | @ The information we collect depends on what Services you use and how you use them.| @ | @ A. Information You Give Us Directly| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We collect information that you give us directly, such as when you create an EA Account, set up security questions, make purchases, or contact EA Help.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We collect information that you provide us, such as:| @ | @ - Your EA Account information, including your email address, username, real name, country, date of birth, telephone number and password;| @ - Security questions and answers;| @ - Information you provide in response to surveys about our Services;| @ - Information you provide when seeking help from us, such as your name, telephone number, and records (including call recordings) of the issues you experience; and| @ - Billing information, such as your name, payment card number, payment account details, and shipping address.| @ | @ B. Information You Provide When Playing Online| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: When you play online, we may collect information about your gaming profile, your gameplay, or your use of social features.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you use our social features, any text, audio, visual, and/or other electronic communications information that you disclose may be read, copied, collected, or used by other players, and may become publicly available. Please make sure your privacy settings reflect your preferences.| @ | @ When you play our online games, your in-game profile information, gameplay, and statistics are collected and some may be visible in-game, as well as visible to players outside the game in other EA Services, such as RaceNet. In some of our titles, we may record your gameplay and replay it to other players in-game and/or make it visible to other players outside the game in other EA Services. Leaderboards may also be available to view by other players outside the game in other EA Services. In competitive game modes, we may record your gameplay, and your controller button inputs, and replay these together with your in-game profile information and game statistics to other players in-game and at live EA or partner events.| @ | @ C. Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Services| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We may collect other information when you use our Services, such as information about your device, hardware and software information, IP address, or browser information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We may collect other information automatically when you use our Services, such as:| @ | @ - IP address;| @ - Information about your device, hardware, and software, such as your hardware identifiers, mobile device identifiers (like Apple Identifier for Advertising [IDFA], or Android Advertising ID [AAID]), platform type, settings and components, EA software and updates you have installed, and the presence of required plugins;| @ - Approximate geolocation data (derived from IP or device settings);| @ - Browser information, including your browser type and the language preference;| @ - Referring and exit pages, including pages viewed and other interactions with web content;| @ - Details about what Services you purchase or obtain, and your use of them;| @ - Device event information, including crash reports, request and referral URLs, and system activity details (e.g., whether you encountered an error playing our games or lost Internet access); and| @ - Other information (such as your likeness) that you may provide as part of your participation in live events.| @ | @ We also may collect and store information locally on your device, using mechanisms like cookies, browser web storage (including HTML 5), and application data caches.| @ | @ D. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We may receive information about you from third parties, such as Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo, Google, mobile platforms, or third-party authenticators that you use to sign in to our Services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We may receive information about you contained in third-party user accounts when you use EA online Services on or through third-party gaming platforms, such as those listed below. This information is provided to EA as part of establishing or linking an EA Account, which is necessary to access EA's online services. Your use of EA online Services through these third parties indicates your agreement for the transfer of this information. Examples of information we receive are provided below. We never receive your credit card number or other financial information from these third parties as part of establishing or linking an EA Account.| @ | @ - PlayStation®3 system, PlayStation®4 system, & PlayStation®5 console. Sony provides information from your account for PlayStation™Network such as your Online ID, email address, country, language, friend list, date of birth, and certain preferences.| @ | @ Social Gaming Platforms. When you use third-party social gaming platforms (such as Discord or Twitch) and link your EA Account, we may receive information associated with your account on those platforms. Please review the notices presented to you when linking your accounts for details on the information EA receives.| @ | @ Mobile Platforms. If you play or purchase our games on your mobile device or tablet, we receive information about you from the app stores and other mobile platform providers. This information may include your username or device ID and the fact that you made a purchase, as applicable, but does not include any financial information. Some of our mobile platforms may send information to us that you authorize them to provide. Our mobile games also may request additional personal information from you, such as push notification tokens or contact list, however, we will collect this information only if you provide us with permission.| @ | @ Other Third Parties| @ | @ We may receive information from other third parties, like Facebook or Apple Game Center, when you use these services with our games. We may also receive information about you when other players choose to share their contact lists with us or from publicly-available websites.| @ | @ E. Legal Basis for Processing| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Depending on where you reside, we may rely on different legal bases to process your information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Our legal basis for processing your personal information varies depending on the type of information we collect, the context in which we collect it as well as on your country of residence, as indicated when you are setting up your EA Account or, when not signed into an EA Account, your location as determined by your IP address and/or your device registration country.| @ | @ If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) or of a jurisdiction where similar legal requirements may apply such as Brazil, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, we rely on a number of legal bases to process information about you. We will process information about you where we have your consent, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, and/or where we have a legal obligation to process your information. For example, we typically rely on:| @ | @ - consent when placing cookies on your device on the web (through our cookie consent manager) to send you email marketing, or to deliver third party targeted advertising to you on our Services;| @ - our legitimate interests to process your information when providing you with customer service support, to serve targeted EA marketing of our Services, or for fraud prevention and security purposes; and| @ - on contractual necessity to process information when you create an EA Account or otherwise use our Services to enable us to provide you with our Services.| @ | @ If you are a resident in a territory where our legitimate interests mentioned above are not recognized as a lawful basis under applicable law, we will identify and use other appropriate lawful bases to process your personal information such as contractual necessity or your consent.| @ | @ 2. How We Collect Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use various technologies to deliver and measure the effectiveness of our Services, to serve advertisements, and to enhance your player experience. These technologies include cookies and similar technologies, as well as analytics, advertising, anti-cheat, and anti-fraud technologies.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We and third parties use technologies described below to collect information to deliver our Services.| @ | @ A. Cookies and Similar Technologies| @ | @ Cookies are small text files stored on your Internet browser. We and our third-party partners use cookies and similar tracking technologies to help us understand things like what web pages, features, or ads you view and what games you play. This information helps us keep track of your shopping cart, measure the effectiveness of our advertising, make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly, and otherwise enhance your experience. Please refer to Section 8: Your Choices and Controls for information on how to manage your cookie preferences.| @ | @ We may use tracking pixels or clear GIFs to collect information about your use of our Services and your response to our marketing emails. We use Internet log files (which contain technical data such as your IP address) to monitor traffic on our Services, troubleshoot technical problems, detect and prevent fraud, and enforce our User Agreement.| @ | @ We also use Analytics, Advertising, Anti-Cheat, and Anti-Fraud technologies in our Services. These technologies may utilize the same cookies or similar mechanisms as further described below.| @ | @ B. Analytics Technologies| @ | @ We use internal and third-party analytics technologies to collect information about how you use our Services, your computer or device and the health of our Services.| @ | @ For instance, we may collect and store data from your computer or device when you use our Services. This information includes technical and related information about your computer, device, and operating and/or network systems (such as IP Address and device identifiers); information about your engagement with certain features and services; gameplay and usage statistics; as well as system interactions and peripheral hardware. We may also collect and store data from your device to create probabilistic identifiers for the purposes of analyzing the services accessed by our players across devices. If you play a game offline without connecting to the Internet, this data will be stored on your device and transmitted to us when your device connects to the Internet. If you participate in online Services, we may also collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display your personal and/or statistical data regarding your game play (including scores, rankings and accomplishments), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players.| @ | @ Third-party analytics technologies integrated into our Services may (including SDK [Software Development Kit] and API [Application Program Interface] integrations) combine the information they collect in connection with your use of EA's Services with information they have independently collected over time and/or across different platforms. Many of these companies collect and use information pursuant to their own privacy policies. A list of third-party analytics companies that operate in our Services as well as how to opt-out to the extent applicable can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com.| @ | @ C. Ad Serving Technologies| @ | @ Some of our Services employ ad serving technologies that use cookies, clear GIFs, web beacons, tracking pixels, SDK, API, and other similar technologies to deliver offers and advertising to you within EA Services as well as on third-party platforms and sites, and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns. Some of these technologies can sync or connect behavior across different websites, mobile apps and devices to tailor offers and advertising to your interests. For instance, you may be presented with an offer for a game we think you might enjoy. Or, if you express interest in a game, you may receive an advertisement later for that game or similar Services on EA or third-party sites. Other in-game advertising technologies enable offers to be temporarily uploaded to your game, web browser, or mobile device and later replaced while you are online.| @ | @ These technologies collect and use information so we can serve appropriate offers and advertising to you, to measure effectiveness and distribution of these offers and advertising, and to understand how users interact with our Services. In addition to identifiers and certain information listed in Section 1(C): Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Services above, this information may include:| @ | @ - Advertisements served and the location of the ad;| @ - Length of time an advertisement was visible;| @ - Domain type, IP address, size of the advertisement;| @ - Your interaction, if any, with the ad; and| @ - Advertisement response.| @ | @ Third-party advertising companies may combine the information collected in the context of delivering an offer to you via our Services with other information they have independently collected over time and/or across different websites. Many of these companies collect and use information pursuant to their own privacy policies. A list of ad serving companies that operate their own networks on our Services, their privacy notices, as well as how to opt-out to the extent applicable can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com.| @ | @ To learn more about some of these ad networks' practices, or to opt-out of third-party targeted advertising, you can also visit www.networkadvertising.org, www.aboutads.info/choices, youradchoices.ca, or www.youronlinechoices.eu. Note that opting-out does not mean you won't see ads; rather, it means that the advertising you see may not be as relevant to you.| @ | @ D. Anti-Cheat and Fraud Prevention Technologies| @ | @ We strive to provide a safe and fair gaming environment for all players. When you use our Services, we or third parties may use cookies and similar technologies and collect data about your machine or device, to create a machine "fingerprint" or "hash" of your machine components, for fraud prevention, security and authentication purposes. We may also monitor publicly-available information, third-party sites, and/or use anti-cheat technology within our Services, including automated anti-fraud and abuse algorithms. If you believe your access to our games and/or Services was blocked by this technology in error, please contact us at EA Help (help.ea.com).| @ | @ 3. How We Use Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use your information to operate our Services, to improve your game experience, to provide you customer support, to serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising, and to personalize our communications with you.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We use your personal information, both individually and combined together, in the following ways.| @ | @ To operate our business and to enhance and personalize your game experience, including to:| @ | @ - Operate, analyze, improve, and develop our games and Services;| @ - Undertake research and analysis to develop and demonstrate our technology, and to better understand our players;| @ - Populate online leaderboards and enable online matchmaking;| @ - Provide replays to you and other players via spectator modes;| @ - Help you find your friends or tell your friends about an EA game or Service;| @ - Facilitate sharing on social networks;| @ - Manage and serve advertising in-game and on third-party platforms;| @ - Measure the effectiveness and distribution of advertising, including understanding who engages with our Services and how they interact with our Services;| @ - Measure the health of our Services;| @ - Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity;| @ - Set up and maintain accounts for which you register;| @ - Provide game experiences that you may like, including personalizing your game experience;| @ - Set up and facilitate loyalty programs;| @ - Facilitate your gameplay on multiple devices and/or platforms, as applicable;| @ - Identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs or functionality errors;| @ - Provide software updates;| @ - Authenticate and activate your games and save game-play data, including progress;| @ - Facilitate competitions and contests;| @ - Perform audits, transactions, and other compliance activities;| @ - Adhere to your preferences and to deliver content;| @ - Help keep our Services safe and fair, resolve disputes, investigate and help curb fraud and illegal behavior, comply with the law, and to enforce our agreements and policies; and| @ - Other purposes you consent to, are notified of, or are otherwise disclosed to you when you provide personal information.| @ | @ To provide you support, including to:| @ | @ - Help identify and troubleshoot problems with your account or Services;| @ - Facilitate surveys or questionnaires;| @ - Communicate with you and respond to your specific requests or questions; and| @ - Manage and send you confirmations and important information about your account, Services, purchases, subscriptions, and warranties.| @ | @ To personalize our communications with you, including to:| @ | @ - Provide you with relevant EA content, recommendations, information or offers; and| @ - Provide you with Service updates.| @ | @ Retention. We retain the information we collect for as long as necessary to provide our Services, and we may retain that information beyond that period if necessary for legal, operational, or other legitimate reasons.| @ | @ Where possible, we may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate the information we collect, or collect it in a way that does not directly identify you. We may use and share such information as necessary for our business purposes and as permitted by applicable law.| @ | @ 4. Who May Receive Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients we describe in this section, such as to provide our Services and to deliver advertisements.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Service providers. Vendors and other service providers that help us operate our business and provide you with Services may receive your personal information. We require that any service provider processing your personal information only do so on our behalf and for purposes consistent with this policy, such as the purposes described in Section 3: How We Use Your Information.| @ | @ Business partners. We may provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer Services. These partners include the companies that provide the platform on which you play our games, such as Sony (PlayStation®4 system or PlayStation®5 console), Microsoft (Xbox), or others.| @ | @ Affiliates and subsidiaries. We may disclose personal information to other companies in which we have an ownership interest as necessary for the purposes outlined in this policy.| @ | @ Advertising partners. Through our Services, we may allow third-party advertising partners to use technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your use of EA's Services and your device (such as your IP address, mobile identifiers, pages visited, location, browser information, time of day). We also may share information relating to your device and your use of our Services with our third-party advertising partners so they may deliver targeted advertisements to you when you visit third-party services and websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as "interest-based advertising," "online behavioral advertising," or "targeted advertising."| @ | @ Please refer to Section 2(C): Ad Serving Technologies for more detail regarding online advertising, as well as Section 8: Your Choices and Controls regarding your relevant choices and controls.| @ | @ Disclosures to protect us or others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others' rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity. In particular, if we receive a report that you have violated our policies (like our Positive Play Charter at https://www.ea.com/commitments/positive-play/charter), we may disclose that report and other relevant information to the platform on which you play our games.| @ | @ Disclosure in the event of merger, sale, or other asset transfer. In the event of a reorganization, divestiture, merger, sale, or bankruptcy, we may transfer all information we collect to the relevant third party and will obtain your consent to do so if required by law or contract.| @ | @ Third-party plugins. When third-party technologies or social tools are integrated into our Services, those third parties may collect information about your use of our Services. An example is the Facebook "Like" button.| @ | @ In certain instances (such as on our websites), our Services incorporate YouTube videos. This integration is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service (https://www.youtube.com/t/terms), and may result in the collection of your personal information by Google according to the Google Privacy Policy (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy). If you have authorized us to receive your YouTube or other Google information, such as through logging in to our Services through your Google Account, you may manage your authorization (including revocation) through the Google Security Settings (https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions). You may also have other rights with respect to your personal information that we have collected, as described in Section 8: Your Choices and Controls.| @ | @ Cross-platform sharing. Some of our games allow you to connect and play with friends and members of a game's community, regardless of what platform they play on. For example, someone on an Xbox could join a match with a player who is using a PlayStation®4 system or PlayStation®5 console. We call this ability to match players across platforms "Cross-Play." When Cross-Play is enabled and you play with someone on another platform, that other platform may receive your platform's ID (such as Xbox Gamertag, or Online ID of your account for PlayStation™Network) along with other information necessary to enable Cross-Play. In addition, we may provide information regarding your use of Cross-Play features to the platform on which you play our games. You can change your Cross-Play preferences by visiting the game's or your platform's settings menus.| @ | @ Some of our games may also allow you to continue progress on a game between platforms, as well as enable the ability for your purchases on one platform to be available on another platform. We will share your information with platforms to the extent necessary to enable these features.| @ | @ Other platforms receiving your information may include Sony (PlayStation®4 system or PlayStation®5 console), Microsoft (Xbox), Nintendo (Nintendo Switch), Valve (Steam), Epic, and additional platforms as they become available for these features. Your information received by these platforms may be subject to their respective privacy notices.| @ | @ With your consent. We may disclose your information to other recipients with your express consent, unless otherwise described above. For example, you may agree to us sharing your information with a certain company or organization to hear about their products, services, or promotions, or if you tell us that you want to link your EA Account with another company's services. These recipients will process the information you agree to share according to their respective privacy notices.| @ | @ 5. Where We Hold Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We store and process your information in the United States and other countries where we operate. When we do this, we utilize technical, physical, and administrative safeguards to meet data transfer requirements set by various privacy laws, such as the European General Data Protection Regulation.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you access EA Services, including when available on third-party platforms, your personal information is generally collected by EA directly and processed in the United States. Personal information we collect may be subsequently stored and processed for the purposes set out in this Privacy and Cookie Policy in the United States or any other country in which EA, its subsidiaries, or third-party agents operate. By consenting to the transfer of your personal data outside of your country of residence, you acknowledge that your personal information may be transferred to recipients in the United States and other countries that may not offer the same level of privacy protection as the laws in your country of residence or citizenship.| @ | @ EA's privacy practices comply with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Cross-Border Privacy Rules System (APEC CBPR). The APEC CBPR System provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework is available here: https://www.apec.org/about-us/about-apec/fact-sheets/what-is-the-cross-border-privacy-rules-system.| @ | @ EA complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. EA has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. EA has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.| @ | @ EA is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. EA complies with the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.| @ | @ The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over EA's compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, EA may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.| @ | @ In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, EA commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request) for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TrustArc are provided at no cost to you.| @ | @ Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Data Privacy Framework website (https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/), you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.| @ | @ 6. How We Protect Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use a range of security measures to secure and protect your information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Security of your information is a priority at EA and we take a range of technical and organizational measures to help protect it, including encryption of sensitive information. Even so, please be aware that no security measure is perfect. Thus we cannot guarantee the security of your information at all times. You should always be diligent when it comes to the protection of your personal information. Learn more about EA Security at https://www.ea.com/security.| @ | @ 7. Children| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We strive to provide age-appropriate experiences for children. Depending on the age of the child accessing our online Services, parents or guardians may need to provide permission to enable their child to access certain online features of our Services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Although the majority of EA Services are intended for adults, EA recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of children who may access our Services online. We strive to ensure that children who access our Services receive age-appropriate experiences by employing data minimization, privacy by design, and default practices. We consider the best interests of children when determining the age-appropriate experience they receive and take into account the developmental maturity of children of different ages. When children reach the age of majority in their country or territory, they may receive the adult experience.| @ | @ When players identify themselves as being children under the minimum age of digital consent guidelines set by the law of individual countries or territories, we will:| @ | @ (1) obtain consent from parents for the use of their children's personal information, when required by applicable law. For example, we allow parents to create a child EA Account on certain Services, and with parental consent EA will collect and use certain children's personal information to manage a child EA Account;| @ | @ (2) disable features in certain Services that could allow a child to share information that directly identifies them, unless a parent has provided relevant consent to us or the third-party platform on which their child is playing. For example, we will respect third-party (console) parental controls as they apply to game features that could allow a child to provide personal information in online or multiplayer games (such as through chat or user generated content);| @ | @ (3) collect and use certain information for limited purposes only. For example, we may send local in-app notifications, which do not rely on collecting personal information. Also, persistent device identifiers like IP address or advertising device identifier may be collected to support our internal operations, such as:| @ | @ - Delivering the Services;| @ - Maintaining or analyzing the functionality of the Service;| @ - Serving contextual ads or frequency capping;| @ - Protecting the security or integrity of the user of Service; or| @ - Legal or regulatory compliance;| @ | @ (4) not condition a child's participation in an activity (such as gaming contests) on the disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. With certain Service-related activities, we may not permit children to participate at all, even if we have consent; and| @ | @ (5) offer parental controls and choices. If you are a parent or guardian and wish to revoke your previously provided consent, review information collected from your child or have that information deleted, please contact us via the options in Section 12: Contact Us. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child's account and/or revert them to the age-appropriate experience, as applicable.| @ | @ If we make material changes to how we collect, use, share or otherwise process your child's personal information, we will notify parents as required by applicable law.| @ | @ We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and the risks of disclosing personal information online. You and your child should review the privacy settings applicable to their use of our Services, a summary of which is available on our Player and Parental Tools page: https://www.ea.com/commitments/positive-play/parental-controls.| @ | @ 8. Your Choices and Controls| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We provide you with choice and control about our use of your information, including your ability to exercise your data privacy rights.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We give you meaningful choices when it comes to our collection and use of your information. For example, if you no longer want to receive marketing emails from EA, you may click the unsubscribe link included in the footer of any marketing email we send.| @ | @ You can learn how to exercise any of your privacy rights by visiting our My Privacy Rights portal: https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal.| @ | @ You may appeal our decision regarding your privacy rights. To do so, please visit our My Privacy Rights portal (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal#sectionOther) and click on "Other privacy enquiries".| @ | @ Verification of account ownership. To protect your account security and personal information, you may be asked to verify your account ownership prior to us processing your request to exercise your data privacy rights. Verification methods include being logged into your EA Account, confirming ownership and access to the email address associated with your account, and/or confirming other unique account details.| @ | @ Authorized agents. You can use an authorized agent to make a request to exercise your data privacy rights. Please contact us at EA Help (help.ea.com) to initiate that request. If you use an authorized agent to exercise your right to deletion, access, or correction, we will require that you verify your account ownership directly with us, unless you have provided your agent with a valid power of attorney consistent with California law that includes a comparable proof of account ownership.| @ | @ If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information for targeted marketing purposes, we will require your signed permission demonstrating that you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf.| @ | @ Your right to deletion. You may deactivate your EA Account or delete the personal information associated with your account by contacting us at EA Help (help.ea.com). If you do so, you will no longer have access to the EA games or Services associated with your account. Note that EA may retain information needed to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreements, protect our legal rights, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our Services. Otherwise, we will retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to provide you with, create, and improve our Services, and to comply with the law.| @ | @ Your right to access (or "know"). You can access the personal information we hold about you, including the categories of personal information collected, where we collect it from, why and how we use it, and who may receive this information (including to whom it may be sold or shared, as those terms are defined under applicable law). The generally applicable details about our processing are provided in this Policy. With respect to the information specific to our processing of your information, you can download a copy of your EA Account information by visiting your EA Account (https://myaccount.ea.com/cp-ui/downloaddata/index) and clicking the "Your EA Data" tab. To receive further details, please contact us at EA Help (help.ea.com).| @ | @ Your right to correction. You can request correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools, such as those on the EA Account customer portal, that enable you to update some of your personal information: https://myaccount.ea.com/cp-ui/aboutme/index.| @ | @ Your right to opt-out or object to certain processing. You may opt-out of targeted advertising, or object to processing of your data based on our legitimate interests, where applicable law provides for such rights. To exercise these rights, please see further instructions in our My Privacy Rights portal (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal), including the Targeted Advertising Provided by Third Parties section.| @ | @ Cookie Controls. If you are in a location whose laws may require additional choices, you can control cookies and similar technologies used on most EA sites for certain optional functional and advertising analytics and targeted advertising purposes via the banner that appears at the bottom of the webpage during your first visit. You can also disable some cookies, limit the types of cookies you allow, or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please refer to guidance provided by your individual web browser if you'd like help in managing your cookie preferences.| @ | @ CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: You have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by us for targeted advertising purposes. Please review the My Privacy Rights portal (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal), including the Targeted Advertising Provided by Third Parties section, regarding this right and how to exercise it.| @ | @ The effect of your choice will depend on the context in which you exercise it:| @ | @ - If you opt-out of having your information shared for purposes of targeted advertising on PC and console through your EA Account, your choice will take effect for any PC and console games that you have logged into with your EA Account.| @ - If you opt-out of having your information shared for purposes of targeted advertising through one of our mobile game settings, your choice will take effect for that mobile game.| @ - If you opt-out of having your information shared for purposes of web targeted advertising through our cookies controls, your choice will take effect when visiting our websites through the browser and device on which you made that choice.| @ | @ Global Privacy Control. In certain regions, we recognize an opt-out preference signal sent by your web browser (sometimes referred to as the Global Privacy Control or "GPC") as a valid request to opt-out of the sale and sharing of the personal information processed via the browser you are using. In practice this controls whether your browser loads third-party cookies on our Services' websites that are used for targeted advertising, or may otherwise be considered a "sale" of personal information. We process this signal only based on browser settings, so you would need to set them separately for different browsers on the same device and across devices. Please review the list of browsers that support GPC and associated instructions (https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download) on how to enable it. GPC does not control targeted advertising in our PC, console, or mobile games and must be changed via your account or the game's settings, as described above.| @ | @ You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of these privacy rights.| @ | @ 9. Third-Party Services| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Our websites and Services may contain ads or links to third-party services and sites.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Our websites and Services may contain advertising or links to third-party services (such as the Facebook "Like" button or links to third-party websites). If you click on those links, including an advertisement, you will leave the EA Service and go to the third-party service or site that you selected. If you visit a third-party website or use a third-party service, you should consult that service's or site's privacy policy as your use of third-party sites or services is governed by their privacy policies.| @ | @ 10. Information for California Residents| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: California law requires certain additional disclosures about how we process your personal information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ A. Notice at Collection| @ | @ Depending on your use of our Services, the following categories of personal information may have been collected and disclosed in the preceding 12 months, as these categories are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"):| @ | @ - Identifiers; such as a real name, user name, account name, email, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, or mobile device identifiers;| @ - Account login data; we collect and process the credentials necessary for you to access your EA Account; for any third-party connected accounts, following your authorization, we collect an access token that allows us to receive information from that third-party specific to your account with them;| @ - Purchase information; such as payment card number, payment account details, billing address, and other payment information;| @ - Characteristics of Protected Classifications under state or federal law; such as age or gender;| @ - Commercial Information; such as products or services interaction and purchase history;| @ - Internet or Electronic Network Activity information; such as, browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with our games, websites, applications, and/or advertisements;| @ - Approximate (coarse) geolocation data; such as location data derived from IP address or device settings;| @ - Audio or Electronic information; such as when you play our games, play certain multiplayer modes, use chat features, or participate in competitive game modes or live events;| @ - Contents of players' in-game messaging;| @ - Inferences; such as consumer preferences drawn from the above.| @ | @ In certain circumstances, we may also collect and disclose additional information, such as:| @ | @ - If you are the recipient of a contest or sweepstakes prize that requires tax reporting, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a social security number).| @ - If you participate in our competitive gaming events, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a passport number), financial information (such as bank accounts), and health-related information.| @ - If you participate in our user experience research, we may collect financial information (such as bank accounts), health-related information and video footage of your gameplay, as well as your recorded image throughout the session.| @ | @ We may collect and disclose other categories of personal information to the extent that you provide them through in-game chat, forums, or through our player support channels.| @ | @ Collection, use, and disclosure of this information is made for one or more of the business or commercial purposes listed in Section 3: How We Use Your Information.| @ | @ The following categories of personal information may be "sold" or "shared," as those terms are defined under the CCPA, for purposes of targeted advertising:| @ | @ - Identifiers; such as a real name, user name, account name, email, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, or mobile device identifiers;| @ - Characteristics of Protected Classifications under state or federal law; such as age or gender;| @ - Commercial Information; such as products or services interaction and purchase history;| @ - Internet or Electronic Network Activity information; such as, browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with our games, websites, applications, and/or advertisements;| @ - Approximate (coarse) geolocation data; such as location data derived from IP address or device settings;| @ - Audio or Electronic information; such as when you play our games, play certain multiplayer modes, use chat features, or participate in competitive game modes or live events;| @ - Inferences; such as consumer preferences drawn from the above.| @ | @ This information may have been sold or shared with our advertising partners for the purposes described in the respective paragraph of Section 4: Who May Receive Your Information.| @ | @ We do not "sell" or "share," as those terms are defined under the CCPA, personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.| @ | @ We retain the information we collect for as long as necessary to provide our Services, and we may retain that information beyond that period if necessary for legal, operational, or other legitimate reasons.| @ | @ Please review Your Choices (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal) related to the sale and sharing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising.| @ | @ For additional details, please review our overall Privacy and Cookie Policy: https://tos.ea.com/legalapp/WEBPRIVACY/US/en/pc2/.| @ | @ B. Supplemental California Privacy Notice| @ | @ Please see below for more details about how we process your personal information, incorporating the notice immediately above.| @ | @ For each of the categories of personal information referenced above:| @ | @ - The categories of sources from which the personal information may have been collected are listed in Section 1: Information We Collect.| @ - The categories of third-party recipients to which the personal information may be disclosed are listed in Section 4: Who May Receive Your Information.| @ | @ C. Your Rights| @ | @ Please see Section 8: Your Choices and Controls for a summary of your California privacy rights and how to exercise them.| @ | @ 11. Changes to Our Policy| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This policy will be updated from time to time and we will notify you of material changes.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We may occasionally update this privacy policy. When we do, we will revise the "last updated" date at the bottom of the policy. If there are material changes to this policy, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification.| @ | @ 12. Contact Us| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You may contact us if you have questions about this policy.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you have questions about this policy, please use our My Privacy Rights portal to contact our Data Protection Officer: https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal.| @ | @ To contact EA, including our Data Protection Officer, you can also use the following address: Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065. Electronic Arts Inc.'s representative in the European Union is Electronic Arts Ireland Limited, Parkmore West Business Park, 1, Ballybrit, Galway, H91 Y2R5, Ireland. Electronic Arts Inc.'s representative in the United Kingdom is Electronic Arts Limited, Onslow House, Onslow Street, Guildford, GU1 4TN, United Kingdom.| @ | @ 13. Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You may have the right to contact your Data Protection Authority.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you have a concern about how we collect and use information, please contact us. You also have the right to contact your local Data Protection Authority if you prefer, such as:| @ | @ - Data Protection Authorities in the EEA: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en;| @ - Swiss authorities: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/deredoeb/kontakt.html;| @ - UK authority: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.| @ | @ Where appropriate, your local data protection authority may also forward the matter to the Department of Commerce or FTC for consideration.| @ | @ If you have an unresolved concern over our data practices that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge): https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.| @ | @ | @ Last Updated: October 10, 2023| @ | @ | @ 
Electronic Arts Inc.| @ Privacy and Cookie Policy| @ | @ | @ Your privacy is important to EA and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously. This policy describes how Electronic Arts Inc. ("EA") processes the personal information we collect about you when you use our products and services or when you attend live events hosted by or in connection with EA (collectively, "Services" or "EA Services"). In some cases, our subsidiaries may be considered data controllers, either together with EA or by themselves.| @ | @ TABLE OF CONTENTS| @ | @ 1. Information We Collect| @ 2. How We Collect Your Information| @ 3. How We Use Your Information| @ 4. Who May Receive Your Information| @ 5. Where We Hold Your Information| @ 6. How We Protect Your Information| @ 7. Children| @ 8. Your Choices and Controls| @ 9. Third-Party Services| @ 10. Information for California Residents| @ 11. Changes to Our Policy| @ 12. Contact Us| @ 13. Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority| @ | @ | @ 1. Information We Collect| @ | @ The information we collect depends on what Services you use and how you use them.| @ | @ A. Information You Give Us Directly| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We collect information that you give us directly, such as when you create an EA Account, set up security questions, make purchases, or contact EA Help.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We collect information that you provide us, such as:| @ | @ - Your EA Account information, including your email address, username, real name, country, date of birth, telephone number and password;| @ - Security questions and answers;| @ - Information you provide in response to surveys about our Services;| @ - Information you provide when seeking help from us, such as your name, telephone number, and records (including call recordings) of the issues you experience; and| @ - Billing information, such as your name, payment card number, payment account details, and shipping address.| @ | @ B. Information You Provide When Playing Online| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: When you play online, we may collect information about your gaming profile, your gameplay, or your use of social features.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you use our social features, any text, audio, visual, and/or other electronic communications information that you disclose may be read, copied, collected, or used by other players, and may become publicly available. Please make sure your privacy settings reflect your preferences.| @ | @ When you play our online games, your in-game profile information, gameplay, and statistics are collected and some may be visible in-game, as well as visible to players outside the game in other EA Services, such as RaceNet. In some of our titles, we may record your gameplay and replay it to other players in-game and/or make it visible to other players outside the game in other EA Services. Leaderboards may also be available to view by other players outside the game in other EA Services. In competitive game modes, we may record your gameplay, and your controller button inputs, and replay these together with your in-game profile information and game statistics to other players in-game and at live EA or partner events.| @ | @ C. Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Services| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We may collect other information when you use our Services, such as information about your device, hardware and software information, IP address, or browser information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We may collect other information automatically when you use our Services, such as:| @ | @ - IP address;| @ - Information about your device, hardware, and software, such as your hardware identifiers, mobile device identifiers (like Apple Identifier for Advertising [IDFA], or Android Advertising ID [AAID]), platform type, settings and components, EA software and updates you have installed, and the presence of required plugins;| @ - Approximate geolocation data (derived from IP or device settings);| @ - Browser information, including your browser type and the language preference;| @ - Referring and exit pages, including pages viewed and other interactions with web content;| @ - Details about what Services you purchase or obtain, and your use of them;| @ - Device event information, including crash reports, request and referral URLs, and system activity details (e.g., whether you encountered an error playing our games or lost Internet access); and| @ - Other information (such as your likeness) that you may provide as part of your participation in live events.| @ | @ We also may collect and store information locally on your device, using mechanisms like cookies, browser web storage (including HTML 5), and application data caches.| @ | @ D. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We may receive information about you from third parties, such as Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo, Google, mobile platforms, or third-party authenticators that you use to sign in to our Services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We may receive information about you contained in third-party user accounts when you use EA online Services on or through third-party gaming platforms, such as those listed below. This information is provided to EA as part of establishing or linking an EA Account, which is necessary to access EA's online services. Your use of EA online Services through these third parties indicates your agreement for the transfer of this information. Examples of information we receive are provided below. We never receive your credit card number or other financial information from these third parties as part of establishing or linking an EA Account.| @ | @ - Xbox network. Microsoft provides information such as your Gamertag, email address, country, language, friend list, date of birth, and certain preferences.| @ | @ Social Gaming Platforms. When you use third-party social gaming platforms (such as Discord or Twitch) and link your EA Account, we may receive information associated with your account on those platforms. Please review the notices presented to you when linking your accounts for details on the information EA receives.| @ | @ Mobile Platforms. If you play or purchase our games on your mobile device or tablet, we receive information about you from the app stores and other mobile platform providers. This information may include your username or device ID and the fact that you made a purchase, as applicable, but does not include any financial information. Some of our mobile platforms may send information to us that you authorize them to provide. Our mobile games also may request additional personal information from you, such as push notification tokens or contact list, however, we will collect this information only if you provide us with permission.| @ | @ Other Third Parties| @ | @ We may receive information from other third parties, like Facebook or Apple Game Center, when you use these services with our games. We may also receive information about you when other players choose to share their contact lists with us or from publicly-available websites.| @ | @ E. Legal Basis for Processing| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Depending on where you reside, we may rely on different legal bases to process your information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Our legal basis for processing your personal information varies depending on the type of information we collect, the context in which we collect it as well as on your country of residence, as indicated when you are setting up your EA Account or, when not signed into an EA Account, your location as determined by your IP address and/or your device registration country.| @ | @ If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) or of a jurisdiction where similar legal requirements may apply such as Brazil, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, we rely on a number of legal bases to process information about you. We will process information about you where we have your consent, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, and/or where we have a legal obligation to process your information. For example, we typically rely on:| @ | @ - consent when placing cookies on your device on the web (through our cookie consent manager) to send you email marketing, or to deliver third party targeted advertising to you on our Services;| @ - our legitimate interests to process your information when providing you with customer service support, to serve targeted EA marketing of our Services, or for fraud prevention and security purposes; and| @ - on contractual necessity to process information when you create an EA Account or otherwise use our Services to enable us to provide you with our Services.| @ | @ If you are a resident in a territory where our legitimate interests mentioned above are not recognized as a lawful basis under applicable law, we will identify and use other appropriate lawful bases to process your personal information such as contractual necessity or your consent.| @ | @ 2. How We Collect Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use various technologies to deliver and measure the effectiveness of our Services, to serve advertisements, and to enhance your player experience. These technologies include cookies and similar technologies, as well as analytics, advertising, anti-cheat, and anti-fraud technologies.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We and third parties use technologies described below to collect information to deliver our Services.| @ | @ A. Cookies and Similar Technologies| @ | @ Cookies are small text files stored on your Internet browser. We and our third-party partners use cookies and similar tracking technologies to help us understand things like what web pages, features, or ads you view and what games you play. This information helps us keep track of your shopping cart, measure the effectiveness of our advertising, make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly, and otherwise enhance your experience. Please refer to Section 8: Your Choices and Controls for information on how to manage your cookie preferences.| @ | @ We may use tracking pixels or clear GIFs to collect information about your use of our Services and your response to our marketing emails. We use Internet log files (which contain technical data such as your IP address) to monitor traffic on our Services, troubleshoot technical problems, detect and prevent fraud, and enforce our User Agreement.| @ | @ We also use Analytics, Advertising, Anti-Cheat, and Anti-Fraud technologies in our Services. These technologies may utilize the same cookies or similar mechanisms as further described below.| @ | @ B. Analytics Technologies| @ | @ We use internal and third-party analytics technologies to collect information about how you use our Services, your computer or device and the health of our Services.| @ | @ For instance, we may collect and store data from your computer or device when you use our Services. This information includes technical and related information about your computer, device, and operating and/or network systems (such as IP Address and device identifiers); information about your engagement with certain features and services; gameplay and usage statistics; as well as system interactions and peripheral hardware. We may also collect and store data from your device to create probabilistic identifiers for the purposes of analyzing the services accessed by our players across devices. If you play a game offline without connecting to the Internet, this data will be stored on your device and transmitted to us when your device connects to the Internet. If you participate in online Services, we may also collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display your personal and/or statistical data regarding your game play (including scores, rankings and accomplishments), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players.| @ | @ Third-party analytics technologies integrated into our Services may (including SDK [Software Development Kit] and API [Application Program Interface] integrations) combine the information they collect in connection with your use of EA's Services with information they have independently collected over time and/or across different platforms. Many of these companies collect and use information pursuant to their own privacy policies. A list of third-party analytics companies that operate in our Services as well as how to opt-out to the extent applicable can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com.| @ | @ C. Ad Serving Technologies| @ | @ Some of our Services employ ad serving technologies that use cookies, clear GIFs, web beacons, tracking pixels, SDK, API, and other similar technologies to deliver offers and advertising to you within EA Services as well as on third-party platforms and sites, and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns. Some of these technologies can sync or connect behavior across different websites, mobile apps and devices to tailor offers and advertising to your interests. For instance, you may be presented with an offer for a game we think you might enjoy. Or, if you express interest in a game, you may receive an advertisement later for that game or similar Services on EA or third-party sites. Other in-game advertising technologies enable offers to be temporarily uploaded to your game, web browser, or mobile device and later replaced while you are online.| @ | @ These technologies collect and use information so we can serve appropriate offers and advertising to you, to measure effectiveness and distribution of these offers and advertising, and to understand how users interact with our Services. In addition to identifiers and certain information listed in Section 1(C): Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Services above, this information may include:| @ | @ - Advertisements served and the location of the ad;| @ - Length of time an advertisement was visible;| @ - Domain type, IP address, size of the advertisement;| @ - Your interaction, if any, with the ad; and| @ - Advertisement response.| @ | @ Third-party advertising companies may combine the information collected in the context of delivering an offer to you via our Services with other information they have independently collected over time and/or across different websites. Many of these companies collect and use information pursuant to their own privacy policies. A list of ad serving companies that operate their own networks on our Services, their privacy notices, as well as how to opt-out to the extent applicable can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com.| @ | @ To learn more about some of these ad networks' practices, or to opt-out of third-party targeted advertising, you can also visit www.networkadvertising.org, www.aboutads.info/choices, youradchoices.ca, or www.youronlinechoices.eu. Note that opting-out does not mean you won't see ads; rather, it means that the advertising you see may not be as relevant to you.| @ | @ D. Anti-Cheat and Fraud Prevention Technologies| @ | @ We strive to provide a safe and fair gaming environment for all players. When you use our Services, we or third parties may use cookies and similar technologies and collect data about your machine or device, to create a machine "fingerprint" or "hash" of your machine components, for fraud prevention, security and authentication purposes. We may also monitor publicly-available information, third-party sites, and/or use anti-cheat technology within our Services, including automated anti-fraud and abuse algorithms. If you believe your access to our games and/or Services was blocked by this technology in error, please contact us at EA Help (help.ea.com).| @ | @ 3. How We Use Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use your information to operate our Services, to improve your game experience, to provide you customer support, to serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising, and to personalize our communications with you.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We use your personal information, both individually and combined together, in the following ways.| @ | @ To operate our business and to enhance and personalize your game experience, including to:| @ | @ - Operate, analyze, improve, and develop our games and Services;| @ - Undertake research and analysis to develop and demonstrate our technology, and to better understand our players;| @ - Populate online leaderboards and enable online matchmaking;| @ - Provide replays to you and other players via spectator modes;| @ - Help you find your friends or tell your friends about an EA game or Service;| @ - Facilitate sharing on social networks;| @ - Manage and serve advertising in-game and on third-party platforms;| @ - Measure the effectiveness and distribution of advertising, including understanding who engages with our Services and how they interact with our Services;| @ - Measure the health of our Services;| @ - Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity;| @ - Set up and maintain accounts for which you register;| @ - Provide game experiences that you may like, including personalizing your game experience;| @ - Set up and facilitate loyalty programs;| @ - Facilitate your gameplay on multiple devices and/or platforms, as applicable;| @ - Identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs or functionality errors;| @ - Provide software updates;| @ - Authenticate and activate your games and save game-play data, including progress;| @ - Facilitate competitions and contests;| @ - Perform audits, transactions, and other compliance activities;| @ - Adhere to your preferences and to deliver content;| @ - Help keep our Services safe and fair, resolve disputes, investigate and help curb fraud and illegal behavior, comply with the law, and to enforce our agreements and policies; and| @ - Other purposes you consent to, are notified of, or are otherwise disclosed to you when you provide personal information.| @ | @ To provide you support, including to:| @ | @ - Help identify and troubleshoot problems with your account or Services;| @ - Facilitate surveys or questionnaires;| @ - Communicate with you and respond to your specific requests or questions; and| @ - Manage and send you confirmations and important information about your account, Services, purchases, subscriptions, and warranties.| @ | @ To personalize our communications with you, including to:| @ | @ - Provide you with relevant EA content, recommendations, information or offers; and| @ - Provide you with Service updates.| @ | @ Retention. We retain the information we collect for as long as necessary to provide our Services, and we may retain that information beyond that period if necessary for legal, operational, or other legitimate reasons.| @ | @ Where possible, we may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate the information we collect, or collect it in a way that does not directly identify you. We may use and share such information as necessary for our business purposes and as permitted by applicable law.| @ | @ 4. Who May Receive Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients we describe in this section, such as to provide our Services and to deliver advertisements.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Service providers. Vendors and other service providers that help us operate our business and provide you with Services may receive your personal information. We require that any service provider processing your personal information only do so on our behalf and for purposes consistent with this policy, such as the purposes described in Section 3: How We Use Your Information.| @ | @ Business partners. We may provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer Services. These partners include the companies that provide the platform on which you play our games, such as Sony (PlayStation®4 system or PlayStation®5 console), Microsoft (Xbox), or others.| @ | @ Affiliates and subsidiaries. We may disclose personal information to other companies in which we have an ownership interest as necessary for the purposes outlined in this policy.| @ | @ Advertising partners. Through our Services, we may allow third-party advertising partners to use technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your use of EA's Services and your device (such as your IP address, mobile identifiers, pages visited, location, browser information, time of day). We also may share information relating to your device and your use of our Services with our third-party advertising partners so they may deliver targeted advertisements to you when you visit third-party services and websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as "interest-based advertising," "online behavioral advertising," or "targeted advertising."| @ | @ Please refer to Section 2(C): Ad Serving Technologies for more detail regarding online advertising, as well as Section 8: Your Choices and Controls regarding your relevant choices and controls.| @ | @ Disclosures to protect us or others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others' rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity. In particular, if we receive a report that you have violated our policies (like our Positive Play Charter at https://www.ea.com/commitments/positive-play/charter), we may disclose that report and other relevant information to the platform on which you play our games.| @ | @ Disclosure in the event of merger, sale, or other asset transfer. In the event of a reorganization, divestiture, merger, sale, or bankruptcy, we may transfer all information we collect to the relevant third party and will obtain your consent to do so if required by law or contract.| @ | @ Third-party plugins. When third-party technologies or social tools are integrated into our Services, those third parties may collect information about your use of our Services. An example is the Facebook "Like" button.| @ | @ In certain instances (such as on our websites), our Services incorporate YouTube videos. This integration is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service (https://www.youtube.com/t/terms), and may result in the collection of your personal information by Google according to the Google Privacy Policy (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy). If you have authorized us to receive your YouTube or other Google information, such as through logging in to our Services through your Google Account, you may manage your authorization (including revocation) through the Google Security Settings (https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions). You may also have other rights with respect to your personal information that we have collected, as described in Section 8: Your Choices and Controls.| @ | @ Cross-platform sharing. Some of our games allow you to connect and play with friends and members of a game's community, regardless of what platform they play on. For example, someone on an Xbox could join a match with a player who is using a PlayStation®4 system or PlayStation®5 console. We call this ability to match players across platforms "Cross-Play." When Cross-Play is enabled and you play with someone on another platform, that other platform may receive your platform's ID (such as Xbox Gamertag, or Online ID of your account for PlayStation™Network) along with other information necessary to enable Cross-Play. In addition, we may provide information regarding your use of Cross-Play features to the platform on which you play our games. You can change your Cross-Play preferences by visiting the game's or your platform's settings menus.| @ | @ Some of our games may also allow you to continue progress on a game between platforms, as well as enable the ability for your purchases on one platform to be available on another platform. We will share your information with platforms to the extent necessary to enable these features.| @ | @ Other platforms receiving your information may include Sony (PlayStation®4 system or PlayStation®5 console), Microsoft (Xbox), Nintendo (Nintendo Switch), Valve (Steam), Epic, and additional platforms as they become available for these features. Your information received by these platforms may be subject to their respective privacy notices.| @ | @ With your consent. We may disclose your information to other recipients with your express consent, unless otherwise described above. For example, you may agree to us sharing your information with a certain company or organization to hear about their products, services, or promotions, or if you tell us that you want to link your EA Account with another company's services. These recipients will process the information you agree to share according to their respective privacy notices.| @ | @ 5. Where We Hold Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We store and process your information in the United States and other countries where we operate. When we do this, we utilize technical, physical, and administrative safeguards to meet data transfer requirements set by various privacy laws, such as the European General Data Protection Regulation.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you access EA Services, including when available on third-party platforms, your personal information is generally collected by EA directly and processed in the United States. Personal information we collect may be subsequently stored and processed for the purposes set out in this Privacy and Cookie Policy in the United States or any other country in which EA, its subsidiaries, or third-party agents operate. By consenting to the transfer of your personal data outside of your country of residence, you acknowledge that your personal information may be transferred to recipients in the United States and other countries that may not offer the same level of privacy protection as the laws in your country of residence or citizenship.| @ | @ EA's privacy practices comply with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Cross-Border Privacy Rules System (APEC CBPR). The APEC CBPR System provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework is available here: https://www.apec.org/about-us/about-apec/fact-sheets/what-is-the-cross-border-privacy-rules-system.| @ | @ EA complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. EA has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. EA has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.| @ | @ EA is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. EA complies with the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.| @ | @ The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over EA's compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, EA may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.| @ | @ In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, EA commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request) for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TrustArc are provided at no cost to you.| @ | @ Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Data Privacy Framework website (https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/), you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.| @ | @ 6. How We Protect Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use a range of security measures to secure and protect your information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Security of your information is a priority at EA and we take a range of technical and organizational measures to help protect it, including encryption of sensitive information. Even so, please be aware that no security measure is perfect. Thus we cannot guarantee the security of your information at all times. You should always be diligent when it comes to the protection of your personal information. Learn more about EA Security at https://www.ea.com/security.| @ | @ 7. Children| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We strive to provide age-appropriate experiences for children. Depending on the age of the child accessing our online Services, parents or guardians may need to provide permission to enable their child to access certain online features of our Services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Although the majority of EA Services are intended for adults, EA recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of children who may access our Services online. We strive to ensure that children who access our Services receive age-appropriate experiences by employing data minimization, privacy by design, and default practices. We consider the best interests of children when determining the age-appropriate experience they receive and take into account the developmental maturity of children of different ages. When children reach the age of majority in their country or territory, they may receive the adult experience.| @ | @ When players identify themselves as being children under the minimum age of digital consent guidelines set by the law of individual countries or territories, we will:| @ | @ (1) obtain consent from parents for the use of their children's personal information, when required by applicable law. For example, we allow parents to create a child EA Account on certain Services, and with parental consent EA will collect and use certain children's personal information to manage a child EA Account;| @ | @ (2) disable features in certain Services that could allow a child to share information that directly identifies them, unless a parent has provided relevant consent to us or the third-party platform on which their child is playing. For example, we will respect third-party (console) parental controls as they apply to game features that could allow a child to provide personal information in online or multiplayer games (such as through chat or user generated content);| @ | @ (3) collect and use certain information for limited purposes only. For example, we may send local in-app notifications, which do not rely on collecting personal information. Also, persistent device identifiers like IP address or advertising device identifier may be collected to support our internal operations, such as:| @ | @ - Delivering the Services;| @ - Maintaining or analyzing the functionality of the Service;| @ - Serving contextual ads or frequency capping;| @ - Protecting the security or integrity of the user of Service; or| @ - Legal or regulatory compliance;| @ | @ (4) not condition a child's participation in an activity (such as gaming contests) on the disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. With certain Service-related activities, we may not permit children to participate at all, even if we have consent; and| @ | @ (5) offer parental controls and choices. If you are a parent or guardian and wish to revoke your previously provided consent, review information collected from your child or have that information deleted, please contact us via the options in Section 12: Contact Us. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child's account and/or revert them to the age-appropriate experience, as applicable.| @ | @ If we make material changes to how we collect, use, share or otherwise process your child's personal information, we will notify parents as required by applicable law.| @ | @ We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and the risks of disclosing personal information online. You and your child should review the privacy settings applicable to their use of our Services, a summary of which is available on our Player and Parental Tools page: https://www.ea.com/commitments/positive-play/parental-controls.| @ | @ 8. Your Choices and Controls| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We provide you with choice and control about our use of your information, including your ability to exercise your data privacy rights.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We give you meaningful choices when it comes to our collection and use of your information. For example, if you no longer want to receive marketing emails from EA, you may click the unsubscribe link included in the footer of any marketing email we send.| @ | @ You can learn how to exercise any of your privacy rights by visiting our My Privacy Rights portal: https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal.| @ | @ You may appeal our decision regarding your privacy rights. To do so, please visit our My Privacy Rights portal (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal#sectionOther) and click on "Other privacy enquiries".| @ | @ Verification of account ownership. To protect your account security and personal information, you may be asked to verify your account ownership prior to us processing your request to exercise your data privacy rights. Verification methods include being logged into your EA Account, confirming ownership and access to the email address associated with your account, and/or confirming other unique account details.| @ | @ Authorized agents. You can use an authorized agent to make a request to exercise your data privacy rights. Please contact us at EA Help (help.ea.com) to initiate that request. If you use an authorized agent to exercise your right to deletion, access, or correction, we will require that you verify your account ownership directly with us, unless you have provided your agent with a valid power of attorney consistent with California law that includes a comparable proof of account ownership.| @ | @ If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information for targeted marketing purposes, we will require your signed permission demonstrating that you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf.| @ | @ Your right to deletion. You may deactivate your EA Account or delete the personal information associated with your account by contacting us at EA Help (help.ea.com). If you do so, you will no longer have access to the EA games or Services associated with your account. Note that EA may retain information needed to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreements, protect our legal rights, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our Services. Otherwise, we will retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to provide you with, create, and improve our Services, and to comply with the law.| @ | @ Your right to access (or "know"). You can access the personal information we hold about you, including the categories of personal information collected, where we collect it from, why and how we use it, and who may receive this information (including to whom it may be sold or shared, as those terms are defined under applicable law). The generally applicable details about our processing are provided in this Policy. With respect to the information specific to our processing of your information, you can download a copy of your EA Account information by visiting your EA Account (https://myaccount.ea.com/cp-ui/downloaddata/index) and clicking the "Your EA Data" tab. To receive further details, please contact us at EA Help (help.ea.com).| @ | @ Your right to correction. You can request correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools, such as those on the EA Account customer portal, that enable you to update some of your personal information: https://myaccount.ea.com/cp-ui/aboutme/index.| @ | @ Your right to opt-out or object to certain processing. You may opt-out of targeted advertising, or object to processing of your data based on our legitimate interests, where applicable law provides for such rights. To exercise these rights, please see further instructions in our My Privacy Rights portal (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal), including the Targeted Advertising Provided by Third Parties section.| @ | @ Cookie Controls. If you are in a location whose laws may require additional choices, you can control cookies and similar technologies used on most EA sites for certain optional functional and advertising analytics and targeted advertising purposes via the banner that appears at the bottom of the webpage during your first visit. You can also disable some cookies, limit the types of cookies you allow, or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please refer to guidance provided by your individual web browser if you'd like help in managing your cookie preferences.| @ | @ CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: You have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by us for targeted advertising purposes. Please review the My Privacy Rights portal (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal), including the Targeted Advertising Provided by Third Parties section, regarding this right and how to exercise it.| @ | @ The effect of your choice will depend on the context in which you exercise it:| @ | @ - If you opt-out of having your information shared for purposes of targeted advertising on PC and console through your EA Account, your choice will take effect for any PC and console games that you have logged into with your EA Account.| @ - If you opt-out of having your information shared for purposes of targeted advertising through one of our mobile game settings, your choice will take effect for that mobile game.| @ - If you opt-out of having your information shared for purposes of web targeted advertising through our cookies controls, your choice will take effect when visiting our websites through the browser and device on which you made that choice.| @ | @ Global Privacy Control. In certain regions, we recognize an opt-out preference signal sent by your web browser (sometimes referred to as the Global Privacy Control or "GPC") as a valid request to opt-out of the sale and sharing of the personal information processed via the browser you are using. In practice this controls whether your browser loads third-party cookies on our Services' websites that are used for targeted advertising, or may otherwise be considered a "sale" of personal information. We process this signal only based on browser settings, so you would need to set them separately for different browsers on the same device and across devices. Please review the list of browsers that support GPC and associated instructions (https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download) on how to enable it. GPC does not control targeted advertising in our PC, console, or mobile games and must be changed via your account or the game's settings, as described above.| @ | @ You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of these privacy rights.| @ | @ 9. Third-Party Services| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Our websites and Services may contain ads or links to third-party services and sites.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Our websites and Services may contain advertising or links to third-party services (such as the Facebook "Like" button or links to third-party websites). If you click on those links, including an advertisement, you will leave the EA Service and go to the third-party service or site that you selected. If you visit a third-party website or use a third-party service, you should consult that service's or site's privacy policy as your use of third-party sites or services is governed by their privacy policies.| @ | @ 10. Information for California Residents| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: California law requires certain additional disclosures about how we process your personal information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ A. Notice at Collection| @ | @ Depending on your use of our Services, the following categories of personal information may have been collected and disclosed in the preceding 12 months, as these categories are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"):| @ | @ - Identifiers; such as a real name, user name, account name, email, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, or mobile device identifiers;| @ - Account login data; we collect and process the credentials necessary for you to access your EA Account; for any third-party connected accounts, following your authorization, we collect an access token that allows us to receive information from that third-party specific to your account with them;| @ - Purchase information; such as payment card number, payment account details, billing address, and other payment information;| @ - Characteristics of Protected Classifications under state or federal law; such as age or gender;| @ - Commercial Information; such as products or services interaction and purchase history;| @ - Internet or Electronic Network Activity information; such as, browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with our games, websites, applications, and/or advertisements;| @ - Approximate (coarse) geolocation data; such as location data derived from IP address or device settings;| @ - Audio or Electronic information; such as when you play our games, play certain multiplayer modes, use chat features, or participate in competitive game modes or live events;| @ - Contents of players' in-game messaging;| @ - Inferences; such as consumer preferences drawn from the above.| @ | @ In certain circumstances, we may also collect and disclose additional information, such as:| @ | @ - If you are the recipient of a contest or sweepstakes prize that requires tax reporting, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a social security number).| @ - If you participate in our competitive gaming events, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a passport number), financial information (such as bank accounts), and health-related information.| @ - If you participate in our user experience research, we may collect financial information (such as bank accounts), health-related information and video footage of your gameplay, as well as your recorded image throughout the session.| @ | @ We may collect and disclose other categories of personal information to the extent that you provide them through in-game chat, forums, or through our player support channels.| @ | @ Collection, use, and disclosure of this information is made for one or more of the business or commercial purposes listed in Section 3: How We Use Your Information.| @ | @ The following categories of personal information may be "sold" or "shared," as those terms are defined under the CCPA, for purposes of targeted advertising:| @ | @ - Identifiers; such as a real name, user name, account name, email, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, or mobile device identifiers;| @ - Characteristics of Protected Classifications under state or federal law; such as age or gender;| @ - Commercial Information; such as products or services interaction and purchase history;| @ - Internet or Electronic Network Activity information; such as, browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with our games, websites, applications, and/or advertisements;| @ - Approximate (coarse) geolocation data; such as location data derived from IP address or device settings;| @ - Audio or Electronic information; such as when you play our games, play certain multiplayer modes, use chat features, or participate in competitive game modes or live events;| @ - Inferences; such as consumer preferences drawn from the above.| @ | @ This information may have been sold or shared with our advertising partners for the purposes described in the respective paragraph of Section 4: Who May Receive Your Information.| @ | @ We do not "sell" or "share," as those terms are defined under the CCPA, personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.| @ | @ We retain the information we collect for as long as necessary to provide our Services, and we may retain that information beyond that period if necessary for legal, operational, or other legitimate reasons.| @ | @ Please review Your Choices (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal) related to the sale and sharing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising.| @ | @ For additional details, please review our overall Privacy and Cookie Policy: https://tos.ea.com/legalapp/WEBPRIVACY/US/en/pc2/.| @ | @ B. Supplemental California Privacy Notice| @ | @ Please see below for more details about how we process your personal information, incorporating the notice immediately above.| @ | @ For each of the categories of personal information referenced above:| @ | @ - The categories of sources from which the personal information may have been collected are listed in Section 1: Information We Collect.| @ - The categories of third-party recipients to which the personal information may be disclosed are listed in Section 4: Who May Receive Your Information.| @ | @ C. Your Rights| @ | @ Please see Section 8: Your Choices and Controls for a summary of your California privacy rights and how to exercise them.| @ | @ 11. Changes to Our Policy| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This policy will be updated from time to time and we will notify you of material changes.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We may occasionally update this privacy policy. When we do, we will revise the "last updated" date at the bottom of the policy. If there are material changes to this policy, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification.| @ | @ 12. Contact Us| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You may contact us if you have questions about this policy.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you have questions about this policy, please use our My Privacy Rights portal to contact our Data Protection Officer: https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal.| @ | @ To contact EA, including our Data Protection Officer, you can also use the following address: Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065. Electronic Arts Inc.'s representative in the European Union is Electronic Arts Ireland Limited, Parkmore West Business Park, 1, Ballybrit, Galway, H91 Y2R5, Ireland. Electronic Arts Inc.'s representative in the United Kingdom is Electronic Arts Limited, Onslow House, Onslow Street, Guildford, GU1 4TN, United Kingdom.| @ | @ 13. Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You may have the right to contact your Data Protection Authority.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you have a concern about how we collect and use information, please contact us. You also have the right to contact your local Data Protection Authority if you prefer, such as:| @ | @ - Data Protection Authorities in the EEA: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en;| @ - Swiss authorities: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/deredoeb/kontakt.html;| @ - UK authority: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.| @ | @ Where appropriate, your local data protection authority may also forward the matter to the Department of Commerce or FTC for consideration.| @ | @ If you have an unresolved concern over our data practices that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge): https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.| @ | @ | @ Last Updated: October 10, 2023
Electronic Arts Inc.| @ Privacy and Cookie Policy| @ | @ | @ Your privacy is important to EA and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously. This policy describes how Electronic Arts Inc. ("EA") processes the personal information we collect about you when you use our products and services or when you attend live events hosted by or in connection with EA (collectively, "Services" or "EA Services"). In some cases, our subsidiaries may be considered data controllers, either together with EA or by themselves.| @ | @ TABLE OF CONTENTS| @ | @ 1. Information We Collect| @ 2. How We Collect Your Information| @ 3. How We Use Your Information| @ 4. Who May Receive Your Information| @ 5. Where We Hold Your Information| @ 6. How We Protect Your Information| @ 7. Children| @ 8. Your Choices and Controls| @ 9. Third-Party Services| @ 10. Information for California Residents| @ 11. Changes to Our Policy| @ 12. Contact Us| @ 13. Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority| @ | @ | @ 1. Information We Collect| @ | @ The information we collect depends on what Services you use and how you use them.| @ | @ A. Information You Give Us Directly| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We collect information that you give us directly, such as when you create an EA Account, set up security questions, make purchases, or contact EA Help.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We collect information that you provide us, such as:| @ | @ - Your EA Account information, including your email address, username, real name, country, date of birth, telephone number and password;| @ - Security questions and answers;| @ - Information you provide in response to surveys about our Services;| @ - Information you provide when seeking help from us, such as your name, telephone number, and records (including call recordings) of the issues you experience; and| @ - Billing information, such as your name, payment card number, payment account details, and shipping address.| @ | @ B. Information You Provide When Playing Online| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: When you play online, we may collect information about your gaming profile, your gameplay, or your use of social features.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you use our social features, any text, audio, visual, and/or other electronic communications information that you disclose may be read, copied, collected, or used by other players, and may become publicly available. Please make sure your privacy settings reflect your preferences.| @ | @ When you play our online games, your in-game profile information, gameplay, and statistics are collected and some may be visible in-game, as well as visible to players outside the game in other EA Services, such as RaceNet. In some of our titles, we may record your gameplay and replay it to other players in-game and/or make it visible to other players outside the game in other EA Services. Leaderboards may also be available to view by other players outside the game in other EA Services. In competitive game modes, we may record your gameplay, and your controller button inputs, and replay these together with your in-game profile information and game statistics to other players in-game and at live EA or partner events.| @ | @ C. Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Services| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We may collect other information when you use our Services, such as information about your device, hardware and software information, IP address, or browser information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We may collect other information automatically when you use our Services, such as:| @ | @ - IP address;| @ - Information about your device, hardware, and software, such as your hardware identifiers, mobile device identifiers (like Apple Identifier for Advertising [IDFA], or Android Advertising ID [AAID]), platform type, settings and components, EA software and updates you have installed, and the presence of required plugins;| @ - Approximate geolocation data (derived from IP or device settings);| @ - Browser information, including your browser type and the language preference;| @ - Referring and exit pages, including pages viewed and other interactions with web content;| @ - Details about what Services you purchase or obtain, and your use of them;| @ - Device event information, including crash reports, request and referral URLs, and system activity details (e.g., whether you encountered an error playing our games or lost Internet access); and| @ - Other information (such as your likeness) that you may provide as part of your participation in live events.| @ | @ We also may collect and store information locally on your device, using mechanisms like cookies, browser web storage (including HTML 5), and application data caches.| @ | @ D. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We may receive information about you from third parties, such as Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo, Google, mobile platforms, or third-party authenticators that you use to sign in to our Services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We may receive information about you contained in third-party user accounts when you use EA online Services on or through third-party gaming platforms, such as those listed below. This information is provided to EA as part of establishing or linking an EA Account, which is necessary to access EA's online services. Your use of EA online Services through these third parties indicates your agreement for the transfer of this information. Examples of information we receive are provided below. We never receive your credit card number or other financial information from these third parties as part of establishing or linking an EA Account.| @ | @ - Xbox network. Microsoft provides information such as your Gamertag, email address, country, language, friend list, date of birth, and certain preferences.| @ | @ Social Gaming Platforms. When you use third-party social gaming platforms (such as Discord or Twitch) and link your EA Account, we may receive information associated with your account on those platforms. Please review the notices presented to you when linking your accounts for details on the information EA receives.| @ | @ Mobile Platforms. If you play or purchase our games on your mobile device or tablet, we receive information about you from the app stores and other mobile platform providers. This information may include your username or device ID and the fact that you made a purchase, as applicable, but does not include any financial information. Some of our mobile platforms may send information to us that you authorize them to provide. Our mobile games also may request additional personal information from you, such as push notification tokens or contact list, however, we will collect this information only if you provide us with permission.| @ | @ Other Third Parties| @ | @ We may receive information from other third parties, like Facebook or Apple Game Center, when you use these services with our games. We may also receive information about you when other players choose to share their contact lists with us or from publicly-available websites.| @ | @ E. Legal Basis for Processing| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Depending on where you reside, we may rely on different legal bases to process your information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Our legal basis for processing your personal information varies depending on the type of information we collect, the context in which we collect it as well as on your country of residence, as indicated when you are setting up your EA Account or, when not signed into an EA Account, your location as determined by your IP address and/or your device registration country.| @ | @ If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) or of a jurisdiction where similar legal requirements may apply such as Brazil, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, we rely on a number of legal bases to process information about you. We will process information about you where we have your consent, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, and/or where we have a legal obligation to process your information. For example, we typically rely on:| @ | @ - consent when placing cookies on your device on the web (through our cookie consent manager) to send you email marketing, or to deliver third party targeted advertising to you on our Services;| @ - our legitimate interests to process your information when providing you with customer service support, to serve targeted EA marketing of our Services, or for fraud prevention and security purposes; and| @ - on contractual necessity to process information when you create an EA Account or otherwise use our Services to enable us to provide you with our Services.| @ | @ If you are a resident in a territory where our legitimate interests mentioned above are not recognized as a lawful basis under applicable law, we will identify and use other appropriate lawful bases to process your personal information such as contractual necessity or your consent.| @ | @ 2. How We Collect Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use various technologies to deliver and measure the effectiveness of our Services, to serve advertisements, and to enhance your player experience. These technologies include cookies and similar technologies, as well as analytics, advertising, anti-cheat, and anti-fraud technologies.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We and third parties use technologies described below to collect information to deliver our Services.| @ | @ A. Cookies and Similar Technologies| @ | @ Cookies are small text files stored on your Internet browser. We and our third-party partners use cookies and similar tracking technologies to help us understand things like what web pages, features, or ads you view and what games you play. This information helps us keep track of your shopping cart, measure the effectiveness of our advertising, make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly, and otherwise enhance your experience. Please refer to Section 8: Your Choices and Controls for information on how to manage your cookie preferences.| @ | @ We may use tracking pixels or clear GIFs to collect information about your use of our Services and your response to our marketing emails. We use Internet log files (which contain technical data such as your IP address) to monitor traffic on our Services, troubleshoot technical problems, detect and prevent fraud, and enforce our User Agreement.| @ | @ We also use Analytics, Advertising, Anti-Cheat, and Anti-Fraud technologies in our Services. These technologies may utilize the same cookies or similar mechanisms as further described below.| @ | @ B. Analytics Technologies| @ | @ We use internal and third-party analytics technologies to collect information about how you use our Services, your computer or device and the health of our Services.| @ | @ For instance, we may collect and store data from your computer or device when you use our Services. This information includes technical and related information about your computer, device, and operating and/or network systems (such as IP Address and device identifiers); information about your engagement with certain features and services; gameplay and usage statistics; as well as system interactions and peripheral hardware. We may also collect and store data from your device to create probabilistic identifiers for the purposes of analyzing the services accessed by our players across devices. If you play a game offline without connecting to the Internet, this data will be stored on your device and transmitted to us when your device connects to the Internet. If you participate in online Services, we may also collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display your personal and/or statistical data regarding your game play (including scores, rankings and accomplishments), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players.| @ | @ Third-party analytics technologies integrated into our Services may (including SDK [Software Development Kit] and API [Application Program Interface] integrations) combine the information they collect in connection with your use of EA's Services with information they have independently collected over time and/or across different platforms. Many of these companies collect and use information pursuant to their own privacy policies. A list of third-party analytics companies that operate in our Services as well as how to opt-out to the extent applicable can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com.| @ | @ C. Ad Serving Technologies| @ | @ Some of our Services employ ad serving technologies that use cookies, clear GIFs, web beacons, tracking pixels, SDK, API, and other similar technologies to deliver offers and advertising to you within EA Services as well as on third-party platforms and sites, and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns. Some of these technologies can sync or connect behavior across different websites, mobile apps and devices to tailor offers and advertising to your interests. For instance, you may be presented with an offer for a game we think you might enjoy. Or, if you express interest in a game, you may receive an advertisement later for that game or similar Services on EA or third-party sites. Other in-game advertising technologies enable offers to be temporarily uploaded to your game, web browser, or mobile device and later replaced while you are online.| @ | @ These technologies collect and use information so we can serve appropriate offers and advertising to you, to measure effectiveness and distribution of these offers and advertising, and to understand how users interact with our Services. In addition to identifiers and certain information listed in Section 1(C): Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Services above, this information may include:| @ | @ - Advertisements served and the location of the ad;| @ - Length of time an advertisement was visible;| @ - Domain type, IP address, size of the advertisement;| @ - Your interaction, if any, with the ad; and| @ - Advertisement response.| @ | @ Third-party advertising companies may combine the information collected in the context of delivering an offer to you via our Services with other information they have independently collected over time and/or across different websites. Many of these companies collect and use information pursuant to their own privacy policies. A list of ad serving companies that operate their own networks on our Services, their privacy notices, as well as how to opt-out to the extent applicable can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com.| @ | @ To learn more about some of these ad networks' practices, or to opt-out of third-party targeted advertising, you can also visit www.networkadvertising.org, www.aboutads.info/choices, youradchoices.ca, or www.youronlinechoices.eu. Note that opting-out does not mean you won't see ads; rather, it means that the advertising you see may not be as relevant to you.| @ | @ D. Anti-Cheat and Fraud Prevention Technologies| @ | @ We strive to provide a safe and fair gaming environment for all players. When you use our Services, we or third parties may use cookies and similar technologies and collect data about your machine or device, to create a machine "fingerprint" or "hash" of your machine components, for fraud prevention, security and authentication purposes. We may also monitor publicly-available information, third-party sites, and/or use anti-cheat technology within our Services, including automated anti-fraud and abuse algorithms. If you believe your access to our games and/or Services was blocked by this technology in error, please contact us at EA Help (help.ea.com).| @ | @ 3. How We Use Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use your information to operate our Services, to improve your game experience, to provide you customer support, to serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising, and to personalize our communications with you.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We use your personal information, both individually and combined together, in the following ways.| @ | @ To operate our business and to enhance and personalize your game experience, including to:| @ | @ - Operate, analyze, improve, and develop our games and Services;| @ - Undertake research and analysis to develop and demonstrate our technology, and to better understand our players;| @ - Populate online leaderboards and enable online matchmaking;| @ - Provide replays to you and other players via spectator modes;| @ - Help you find your friends or tell your friends about an EA game or Service;| @ - Facilitate sharing on social networks;| @ - Manage and serve advertising in-game and on third-party platforms;| @ - Measure the effectiveness and distribution of advertising, including understanding who engages with our Services and how they interact with our Services;| @ - Measure the health of our Services;| @ - Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity;| @ - Set up and maintain accounts for which you register;| @ - Provide game experiences that you may like, including personalizing your game experience;| @ - Set up and facilitate loyalty programs;| @ - Facilitate your gameplay on multiple devices and/or platforms, as applicable;| @ - Identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs or functionality errors;| @ - Provide software updates;| @ - Authenticate and activate your games and save game-play data, including progress;| @ - Facilitate competitions and contests;| @ - Perform audits, transactions, and other compliance activities;| @ - Adhere to your preferences and to deliver content;| @ - Help keep our Services safe and fair, resolve disputes, investigate and help curb fraud and illegal behavior, comply with the law, and to enforce our agreements and policies; and| @ - Other purposes you consent to, are notified of, or are otherwise disclosed to you when you provide personal information.| @ | @ To provide you support, including to:| @ | @ - Help identify and troubleshoot problems with your account or Services;| @ - Facilitate surveys or questionnaires;| @ - Communicate with you and respond to your specific requests or questions; and| @ - Manage and send you confirmations and important information about your account, Services, purchases, subscriptions, and warranties.| @ | @ To personalize our communications with you, including to:| @ | @ - Provide you with relevant EA content, recommendations, information or offers; and| @ - Provide you with Service updates.| @ | @ Retention. We retain the information we collect for as long as necessary to provide our Services, and we may retain that information beyond that period if necessary for legal, operational, or other legitimate reasons.| @ | @ Where possible, we may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate the information we collect, or collect it in a way that does not directly identify you. We may use and share such information as necessary for our business purposes and as permitted by applicable law.| @ | @ 4. Who May Receive Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients we describe in this section, such as to provide our Services and to deliver advertisements.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Service providers. Vendors and other service providers that help us operate our business and provide you with Services may receive your personal information. We require that any service provider processing your personal information only do so on our behalf and for purposes consistent with this policy, such as the purposes described in Section 3: How We Use Your Information.| @ | @ Business partners. We may provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer Services. These partners include the companies that provide the platform on which you play our games, such as Sony (PlayStation®4 system or PlayStation®5 console), Microsoft (Xbox), or others.| @ | @ Affiliates and subsidiaries. We may disclose personal information to other companies in which we have an ownership interest as necessary for the purposes outlined in this policy.| @ | @ Advertising partners. Through our Services, we may allow third-party advertising partners to use technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your use of EA's Services and your device (such as your IP address, mobile identifiers, pages visited, location, browser information, time of day). We also may share information relating to your device and your use of our Services with our third-party advertising partners so they may deliver targeted advertisements to you when you visit third-party services and websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as "interest-based advertising," "online behavioral advertising," or "targeted advertising."| @ | @ Please refer to Section 2(C): Ad Serving Technologies for more detail regarding online advertising, as well as Section 8: Your Choices and Controls regarding your relevant choices and controls.| @ | @ Disclosures to protect us or others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others' rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity. In particular, if we receive a report that you have violated our policies (like our Positive Play Charter at https://www.ea.com/commitments/positive-play/charter), we may disclose that report and other relevant information to the platform on which you play our games.| @ | @ Disclosure in the event of merger, sale, or other asset transfer. In the event of a reorganization, divestiture, merger, sale, or bankruptcy, we may transfer all information we collect to the relevant third party and will obtain your consent to do so if required by law or contract.| @ | @ Third-party plugins. When third-party technologies or social tools are integrated into our Services, those third parties may collect information about your use of our Services. An example is the Facebook "Like" button.| @ | @ In certain instances (such as on our websites), our Services incorporate YouTube videos. This integration is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service (https://www.youtube.com/t/terms), and may result in the collection of your personal information by Google according to the Google Privacy Policy (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy). If you have authorized us to receive your YouTube or other Google information, such as through logging in to our Services through your Google Account, you may manage your authorization (including revocation) through the Google Security Settings (https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions). You may also have other rights with respect to your personal information that we have collected, as described in Section 8: Your Choices and Controls.| @ | @ Cross-platform sharing. Some of our games allow you to connect and play with friends and members of a game's community, regardless of what platform they play on. For example, someone on an Xbox could join a match with a player who is using a PlayStation®4 system or PlayStation®5 console. We call this ability to match players across platforms "Cross-Play." When Cross-Play is enabled and you play with someone on another platform, that other platform may receive your platform's ID (such as Xbox Gamertag, or Online ID of your account for PlayStation™Network) along with other information necessary to enable Cross-Play. In addition, we may provide information regarding your use of Cross-Play features to the platform on which you play our games. You can change your Cross-Play preferences by visiting the game's or your platform's settings menus.| @ | @ Some of our games may also allow you to continue progress on a game between platforms, as well as enable the ability for your purchases on one platform to be available on another platform. We will share your information with platforms to the extent necessary to enable these features.| @ | @ Other platforms receiving your information may include Sony (PlayStation®4 system or PlayStation®5 console), Microsoft (Xbox), Nintendo (Nintendo Switch), Valve (Steam), Epic, and additional platforms as they become available for these features. Your information received by these platforms may be subject to their respective privacy notices.| @ | @ With your consent. We may disclose your information to other recipients with your express consent, unless otherwise described above. For example, you may agree to us sharing your information with a certain company or organization to hear about their products, services, or promotions, or if you tell us that you want to link your EA Account with another company's services. These recipients will process the information you agree to share according to their respective privacy notices.| @ | @ 5. Where We Hold Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We store and process your information in the United States and other countries where we operate. When we do this, we utilize technical, physical, and administrative safeguards to meet data transfer requirements set by various privacy laws, such as the European General Data Protection Regulation.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ When you access EA Services, including when available on third-party platforms, your personal information is generally collected by EA directly and processed in the United States. Personal information we collect may be subsequently stored and processed for the purposes set out in this Privacy and Cookie Policy in the United States or any other country in which EA, its subsidiaries, or third-party agents operate. By consenting to the transfer of your personal data outside of your country of residence, you acknowledge that your personal information may be transferred to recipients in the United States and other countries that may not offer the same level of privacy protection as the laws in your country of residence or citizenship.| @ | @ EA's privacy practices comply with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Cross-Border Privacy Rules System (APEC CBPR). The APEC CBPR System provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework is available here: https://www.apec.org/about-us/about-apec/fact-sheets/what-is-the-cross-border-privacy-rules-system.| @ | @ EA complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. EA has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. EA has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.| @ | @ EA is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. EA complies with the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.| @ | @ The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over EA's compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, EA may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.| @ | @ In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, EA commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request) for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TrustArc are provided at no cost to you.| @ | @ Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Data Privacy Framework website (https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/), you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.| @ | @ 6. How We Protect Your Information| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We use a range of security measures to secure and protect your information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Security of your information is a priority at EA and we take a range of technical and organizational measures to help protect it, including encryption of sensitive information. Even so, please be aware that no security measure is perfect. Thus we cannot guarantee the security of your information at all times. You should always be diligent when it comes to the protection of your personal information. Learn more about EA Security at https://www.ea.com/security.| @ | @ 7. Children| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We strive to provide age-appropriate experiences for children. Depending on the age of the child accessing our online Services, parents or guardians may need to provide permission to enable their child to access certain online features of our Services.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Although the majority of EA Services are intended for adults, EA recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of children who may access our Services online. We strive to ensure that children who access our Services receive age-appropriate experiences by employing data minimization, privacy by design, and default practices. We consider the best interests of children when determining the age-appropriate experience they receive and take into account the developmental maturity of children of different ages. When children reach the age of majority in their country or territory, they may receive the adult experience.| @ | @ When players identify themselves as being children under the minimum age of digital consent guidelines set by the law of individual countries or territories, we will:| @ | @ (1) obtain consent from parents for the use of their children's personal information, when required by applicable law. For example, we allow parents to create a child EA Account on certain Services, and with parental consent EA will collect and use certain children's personal information to manage a child EA Account;| @ | @ (2) disable features in certain Services that could allow a child to share information that directly identifies them, unless a parent has provided relevant consent to us or the third-party platform on which their child is playing. For example, we will respect third-party (console) parental controls as they apply to game features that could allow a child to provide personal information in online or multiplayer games (such as through chat or user generated content);| @ | @ (3) collect and use certain information for limited purposes only. For example, we may send local in-app notifications, which do not rely on collecting personal information. Also, persistent device identifiers like IP address or advertising device identifier may be collected to support our internal operations, such as:| @ | @ - Delivering the Services;| @ - Maintaining or analyzing the functionality of the Service;| @ - Serving contextual ads or frequency capping;| @ - Protecting the security or integrity of the user of Service; or| @ - Legal or regulatory compliance;| @ | @ (4) not condition a child's participation in an activity (such as gaming contests) on the disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. With certain Service-related activities, we may not permit children to participate at all, even if we have consent; and| @ | @ (5) offer parental controls and choices. If you are a parent or guardian and wish to revoke your previously provided consent, review information collected from your child or have that information deleted, please contact us via the options in Section 12: Contact Us. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child's account and/or revert them to the age-appropriate experience, as applicable.| @ | @ If we make material changes to how we collect, use, share or otherwise process your child's personal information, we will notify parents as required by applicable law.| @ | @ We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and the risks of disclosing personal information online. You and your child should review the privacy settings applicable to their use of our Services, a summary of which is available on our Player and Parental Tools page: https://www.ea.com/commitments/positive-play/parental-controls.| @ | @ 8. Your Choices and Controls| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: We provide you with choice and control about our use of your information, including your ability to exercise your data privacy rights.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We give you meaningful choices when it comes to our collection and use of your information. For example, if you no longer want to receive marketing emails from EA, you may click the unsubscribe link included in the footer of any marketing email we send.| @ | @ You can learn how to exercise any of your privacy rights by visiting our My Privacy Rights portal: https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal.| @ | @ You may appeal our decision regarding your privacy rights. To do so, please visit our My Privacy Rights portal (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal#sectionOther) and click on "Other privacy enquiries".| @ | @ Verification of account ownership. To protect your account security and personal information, you may be asked to verify your account ownership prior to us processing your request to exercise your data privacy rights. Verification methods include being logged into your EA Account, confirming ownership and access to the email address associated with your account, and/or confirming other unique account details.| @ | @ Authorized agents. You can use an authorized agent to make a request to exercise your data privacy rights. Please contact us at EA Help (help.ea.com) to initiate that request. If you use an authorized agent to exercise your right to deletion, access, or correction, we will require that you verify your account ownership directly with us, unless you have provided your agent with a valid power of attorney consistent with California law that includes a comparable proof of account ownership.| @ | @ If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information for targeted marketing purposes, we will require your signed permission demonstrating that you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf.| @ | @ Your right to deletion. You may deactivate your EA Account or delete the personal information associated with your account by contacting us at EA Help (help.ea.com). If you do so, you will no longer have access to the EA games or Services associated with your account. Note that EA may retain information needed to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreements, protect our legal rights, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our Services. Otherwise, we will retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to provide you with, create, and improve our Services, and to comply with the law.| @ | @ Your right to access (or "know"). You can access the personal information we hold about you, including the categories of personal information collected, where we collect it from, why and how we use it, and who may receive this information (including to whom it may be sold or shared, as those terms are defined under applicable law). The generally applicable details about our processing are provided in this Policy. With respect to the information specific to our processing of your information, you can download a copy of your EA Account information by visiting your EA Account (https://myaccount.ea.com/cp-ui/downloaddata/index) and clicking the "Your EA Data" tab. To receive further details, please contact us at EA Help (help.ea.com).| @ | @ Your right to correction. You can request correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools, such as those on the EA Account customer portal, that enable you to update some of your personal information: https://myaccount.ea.com/cp-ui/aboutme/index.| @ | @ Your right to opt-out or object to certain processing. You may opt-out of targeted advertising, or object to processing of your data based on our legitimate interests, where applicable law provides for such rights. To exercise these rights, please see further instructions in our My Privacy Rights portal (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal), including the Targeted Advertising Provided by Third Parties section.| @ | @ Cookie Controls. If you are in a location whose laws may require additional choices, you can control cookies and similar technologies used on most EA sites for certain optional functional and advertising analytics and targeted advertising purposes via the banner that appears at the bottom of the webpage during your first visit. You can also disable some cookies, limit the types of cookies you allow, or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please refer to guidance provided by your individual web browser if you'd like help in managing your cookie preferences.| @ | @ CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: You have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by us for targeted advertising purposes. Please review the My Privacy Rights portal (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal), including the Targeted Advertising Provided by Third Parties section, regarding this right and how to exercise it.| @ | @ The effect of your choice will depend on the context in which you exercise it:| @ | @ - If you opt-out of having your information shared for purposes of targeted advertising on PC and console through your EA Account, your choice will take effect for any PC and console games that you have logged into with your EA Account.| @ - If you opt-out of having your information shared for purposes of targeted advertising through one of our mobile game settings, your choice will take effect for that mobile game.| @ - If you opt-out of having your information shared for purposes of web targeted advertising through our cookies controls, your choice will take effect when visiting our websites through the browser and device on which you made that choice.| @ | @ Global Privacy Control. In certain regions, we recognize an opt-out preference signal sent by your web browser (sometimes referred to as the Global Privacy Control or "GPC") as a valid request to opt-out of the sale and sharing of the personal information processed via the browser you are using. In practice this controls whether your browser loads third-party cookies on our Services' websites that are used for targeted advertising, or may otherwise be considered a "sale" of personal information. We process this signal only based on browser settings, so you would need to set them separately for different browsers on the same device and across devices. Please review the list of browsers that support GPC and associated instructions (https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download) on how to enable it. GPC does not control targeted advertising in our PC, console, or mobile games and must be changed via your account or the game's settings, as described above.| @ | @ You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of these privacy rights.| @ | @ 9. Third-Party Services| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: Our websites and Services may contain ads or links to third-party services and sites.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ Our websites and Services may contain advertising or links to third-party services (such as the Facebook "Like" button or links to third-party websites). If you click on those links, including an advertisement, you will leave the EA Service and go to the third-party service or site that you selected. If you visit a third-party website or use a third-party service, you should consult that service's or site's privacy policy as your use of third-party sites or services is governed by their privacy policies.| @ | @ 10. Information for California Residents| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: California law requires certain additional disclosures about how we process your personal information.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ A. Notice at Collection| @ | @ Depending on your use of our Services, the following categories of personal information may have been collected and disclosed in the preceding 12 months, as these categories are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"):| @ | @ - Identifiers; such as a real name, user name, account name, email, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, or mobile device identifiers;| @ - Account login data; we collect and process the credentials necessary for you to access your EA Account; for any third-party connected accounts, following your authorization, we collect an access token that allows us to receive information from that third-party specific to your account with them;| @ - Purchase information; such as payment card number, payment account details, billing address, and other payment information;| @ - Characteristics of Protected Classifications under state or federal law; such as age or gender;| @ - Commercial Information; such as products or services interaction and purchase history;| @ - Internet or Electronic Network Activity information; such as, browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with our games, websites, applications, and/or advertisements;| @ - Approximate (coarse) geolocation data; such as location data derived from IP address or device settings;| @ - Audio or Electronic information; such as when you play our games, play certain multiplayer modes, use chat features, or participate in competitive game modes or live events;| @ - Contents of players' in-game messaging;| @ - Inferences; such as consumer preferences drawn from the above.| @ | @ In certain circumstances, we may also collect and disclose additional information, such as:| @ | @ - If you are the recipient of a contest or sweepstakes prize that requires tax reporting, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a social security number).| @ - If you participate in our competitive gaming events, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a passport number), financial information (such as bank accounts), and health-related information.| @ - If you participate in our user experience research, we may collect financial information (such as bank accounts), health-related information and video footage of your gameplay, as well as your recorded image throughout the session.| @ | @ We may collect and disclose other categories of personal information to the extent that you provide them through in-game chat, forums, or through our player support channels.| @ | @ Collection, use, and disclosure of this information is made for one or more of the business or commercial purposes listed in Section 3: How We Use Your Information.| @ | @ The following categories of personal information may be "sold" or "shared," as those terms are defined under the CCPA, for purposes of targeted advertising:| @ | @ - Identifiers; such as a real name, user name, account name, email, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, or mobile device identifiers;| @ - Characteristics of Protected Classifications under state or federal law; such as age or gender;| @ - Commercial Information; such as products or services interaction and purchase history;| @ - Internet or Electronic Network Activity information; such as, browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with our games, websites, applications, and/or advertisements;| @ - Approximate (coarse) geolocation data; such as location data derived from IP address or device settings;| @ - Audio or Electronic information; such as when you play our games, play certain multiplayer modes, use chat features, or participate in competitive game modes or live events;| @ - Inferences; such as consumer preferences drawn from the above.| @ | @ This information may have been sold or shared with our advertising partners for the purposes described in the respective paragraph of Section 4: Who May Receive Your Information.| @ | @ We do not "sell" or "share," as those terms are defined under the CCPA, personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.| @ | @ We retain the information we collect for as long as necessary to provide our Services, and we may retain that information beyond that period if necessary for legal, operational, or other legitimate reasons.| @ | @ Please review Your Choices (https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal) related to the sale and sharing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising.| @ | @ For additional details, please review our overall Privacy and Cookie Policy: https://tos.ea.com/legalapp/WEBPRIVACY/US/en/pc2/.| @ | @ B. Supplemental California Privacy Notice| @ | @ Please see below for more details about how we process your personal information, incorporating the notice immediately above.| @ | @ For each of the categories of personal information referenced above:| @ | @ - The categories of sources from which the personal information may have been collected are listed in Section 1: Information We Collect.| @ - The categories of third-party recipients to which the personal information may be disclosed are listed in Section 4: Who May Receive Your Information.| @ | @ C. Your Rights| @ | @ Please see Section 8: Your Choices and Controls for a summary of your California privacy rights and how to exercise them.| @ | @ 11. Changes to Our Policy| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: This policy will be updated from time to time and we will notify you of material changes.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ We may occasionally update this privacy policy. When we do, we will revise the "last updated" date at the bottom of the policy. If there are material changes to this policy, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification.| @ | @ 12. Contact Us| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You may contact us if you have questions about this policy.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you have questions about this policy, please use our My Privacy Rights portal to contact our Data Protection Officer: https://www.ea.com/legal/privacy-portal.| @ | @ To contact EA, including our Data Protection Officer, you can also use the following address: Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065. Electronic Arts Inc.'s representative in the European Union is Electronic Arts Ireland Limited, Parkmore West Business Park, 1, Ballybrit, Galway, H91 Y2R5, Ireland. Electronic Arts Inc.'s representative in the United Kingdom is Electronic Arts Limited, Onslow House, Onslow Street, Guildford, GU1 4TN, United Kingdom.| @ | @ 13. Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority| @ ------------------------------------| @ SECTION SUMMARY: You may have the right to contact your Data Protection Authority.| @ ------------------------------------| @ | @ If you have a concern about how we collect and use information, please contact us. You also have the right to contact your local Data Protection Authority if you prefer, such as:| @ | @ - Data Protection Authorities in the EEA: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en;| @ - Swiss authorities: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/deredoeb/kontakt.html;| @ - UK authority: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.| @ | @ Where appropriate, your local data protection authority may also forward the matter to the Department of Commerce or FTC for consideration.| @ | @ If you have an unresolved concern over our data practices that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge): https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.| @ | @ | @ Last Updated: October 10, 2023| @ | @ | @ 
Electrostaff Purge Trooper
Electrostaff Raider
Electrostaff Raiders are more experienced and well-equipped than their Grunt counterparts. Their electrostaffs are bigger, and pronged, allowing them to pin enemies down before delivering often-lethal shocks. Their armor, while more resistant, will ultimately yield to sustained assaults.
Electrum-Plated
Electrum-Plated
Elemental Nature
Elemental Nature II
Elemental Nature II
Elevator
Elevator
Elevator
Elevator
Elevator can't be called from this side right now
Elite Starfighter
Elixir
Embrace the darkness
Emergences were the result of a catastrophic event in High Republic history, the consequence of which was chunks of debris emerging from hyperspace and colliding with nearby planets or objects at incredible speeds. One such Emergence occurred over Koboh, devastating its moon and raining meteors down on the planet.
Emergency Landing
Emitter
Emitter
Empire
Empire
Empire
Empire Mining Operation
Empire on Bracca
Empire on Ilum
Empowered Focused Parry
Empowered Slow
Empty
Enable Narration
Enable to automatically target a new available enemy if the currently targeted enemy dies.
Enables a High Contrast Mode that outlines game elements for improved visibility.
Enables additional input options through an on screen menu that can be accessed by pressing {ToggleMap}.
Enables audio ping functionality for echolocation of objects and interacts in the game.
Enables climbing on special walls and increase climbing speed on regular climb walls.
Enables human enemies to be dismembered in gameplay. Does not affect cutscenes
Enables menu narration of game menus. 
Enables running along ridged walls to access new areas
Enables the camera to automatically follow Cal.
Enables the player to hold Pull with a single press rather than holding the button.
Enables the player to hold Pull with a single press rather than holding the button.
Enables vibration and resistance on the controller trigger effect function
Encouraging Jedi
Encrypted Files
End
End Charge
Endless Hurricane
Enemies
Enemies
Enemies
Enemies Defeated
Enemies have respawned
Enemies in a small area are staggered when Cal is healing. Cal can take one hit and not be interrupted.
Enemy Aggression
Enemy Bars
Enemy Blocking Bar
Enemy Health
Enemy Highlight
Energizing Flurry
Enforcer
Engine Greez
English
Enlightened Attunement
Eno Cordova
Eno Cordova
Eno Cordova
Eno Cordova
Eno Cordova
Eno Cordova
Eno Cordova
Eno Cordova
Eno Cordova considers Jedha's mysteries as they relate to his own personal journey.
Eno Cordova finds deeper understanding of his past quests as he digs deeper into a new one.
Eno Cordova invites others to follow his path as he explores Jedha's desert.
Eno Cordova marvels at the many intricacies he has encountered on the Pilgrim Moon.
Eno Cordova reaches the end of his journey, musing on what he has seen, and his hopes for the future.
Eno Cordova reflects on his journey and entrusts others to carry on his zeal for exploration.
Eno Cordova remarks on his investigations across Jedha's desert.
Eno Cordova speaks to those who came before him, a simple contrition for being unable to better understand their ways.
Enter
Enter
Enter Pilgrim's Sanctuary
Enter the Crumbled Ruins
Enter the Gathering
Environment
Environment Artist
Environment Artists
Environmental objects it would throw can instead be used against it.
Epic
Epic Moltings
Equilibrium
Equip
Equip
Equip
Equip Item?
Equip Perk
Equip Perks at Meditation Points
Equip Perks in the Perks Menu
Equip Shot
Equipped
Equipped
Equipped
Equipped Stance I
Equipped Stance II
Equipped with grenades.
Equipped with high-powered but cumbersome flame rifles, flametroopers provide Imperial forces with searing incendiary support. At a short range of approximately ten meters, these troopers lack the range of their blaster-wielding contemporaries, but are adept at controlling movement on the battlefield through what is known as 'tactical conflagration'. However, the weapon's fuel overheats quickly, and must be allowed to cool down regularly, or risk the entire device combusting.
Equipping Perks
Erratic Dust
Esc
Escape Pod
Escape Undercity Meats
Escape from Lord Vader.
Escape the Fortress.
Escape the Underground Jail
Eseerin Vasahina
Espionage Data and Tracker
Essences
Essences
Essences
Eternal Storm
Evade
Evade
Evade
Evade / Dash / Drop
Evade / Drop
Evade charge attacks to expose opportunity for back attacks.
Evade enemy attacks. Double press to roll
Evade her strikes. Double press to roll
Evade the attack! Red attacks are UNBLOCKABLE
Evasion
Evasion Challenge Complete!
Evasive Kick
Evasive strikes but easily killed.
Eviction
Eviction Notice
Evidence of a Fight
Evidence of how vast Bode's information collection and espionage mission was. Information detailing the Jedha Archive, Koboh, and the Mantis.
Examine
Excavation Equipment
Excavation Saw
Exchange for a reward at the right vendor
Executive Assistant
Exile
Exit Base with Merrin
Exit Conversation
Exit Training
Exit challenge and return to opponent select?
Expand Your Forces
Expand Your Forces
Expedition
Expedition Poncho
Experience
Experience Lost On Death
Expert Survival Skills
Exploration
Exploration
Exploration Settings
Explore Bogano to Find a Way across the Chasm
Explore Dathomir to find a way back to the Ruins
Explore Pyloon's Saloon
Explore new areas underwater
Explore the Galaxy
Explore the High Republic Chamber Hidden in the Valley
Explore the High Republic Chamber in the Forest
Explore the High Republic Chamber in the Swamp
Explore the High Republic Chamber in the Valley
Explore the High Republic Chamber on the Mountain
Explore the Imperial Excavation
Explore the Imperial Excavation near the Crashed Venator
Explore the Jedi Temple
Explore the Phon'Qi Caverns
Explore the Ruins in the Central Desert
Explore the Ruins in the Northern Desert
Explore the Ruins in the Southern Desert
Explore the Ruins in the Western Desert
Explore the Tomb of Eilram
Explore the Tomb of Miktrull
Explore the galaxy to discover new rumors
Explore the world to find more!
Explored
Explored
Explosion
Explosive core may be utilized as a defense against other enemies.
Exposed Electronics
Exposure
Extended
Extended Hold
Extended Mustache
Extra Hints
Extract the Senator
Extras
Extremely powerful, but slow. Be patient, and look for opportunities.
Eyes in the Forest
F-Stop
F1
F10
F11
F12
F2
F3
F4
F5
F6
F7
F8
F9
FINALE: You will not be able to revisit other planets once you begin this chapter of the story.
Fabric
Faced with the imminent abandonment of the planet they toiled to reach, Dagan Gera and Santari Khri make a final, impassioned plea to the Jedi Council.
Factions
Faded Mural
Failed
Failed To Load Save
Failed To Save Game
Fall of the Ninth Sister
Fallen Jedi
Fallen Padawan
Falumpaset Hide
Family Portrait
Fantailed Laa
Far (TV)
Farewell
Fast Travel Beacons are temporarily disabled
Fast Travel Not Allowed
Fast Travel Point Unlocked
Fast Travel quickly between any two meditation points on the current planet
Fast travel
Fauna
Favored by climbers and alpinists on many planets for its ability to effectively regulate body temperature as-needed.
Fearless
Featherfern
Feint Attack
Fellowship
Felucian Yellow
Fenn Finau
Fenn Finau is the other half to Masi; bounty hunter brothers who are rumored to hold the highest combined death count in the Abregado system. They are accused of cheating, however, by combining their scores into one total.
Feodor
Ferrix
Few have seen an Undead Nightsister and survived. It is believed these mummified warriors emerge from the burial pods of ancient Nightsister graveyards on foul eves or under command of a witch's incantation. They are known to be hostile to all life except their Nightsister masters. Upon sight of their prey, they release a piercing scream, calling all nearby undead. They attack in frenzied swarms, clawing and biting their way through flesh.﻿
Field Of View
Fields of Dusk
Filkus Gorr
Film Grain
Filter
Filter
Filter Strength
Find Caij
Find Corde and PR-85T
Find Gatt Medo
Find Greez
Find Gyro Module
Find Jo the Cannibal
Find Kili Oso
Find Kip Ostar
Find Mash
Find Masi, Fenn, and Cleo
Find Meyen Corr
Find Missing Prospectors
Find Raz
Find Selfin Jook
Find Skoova Stev at his favorite fishing spots all across the galaxy. Talk to him at each location to encourage him to catch the local fish!
Find Skoova Stev to collect new fish and display them in the saloon.
Find Tarfful and Mari in the Shadowlands
Find Tarfful and Mari in the Shadowlands via the Overgrown Pass
Find The Musician & Their Droid
Find Vaslyn Martz
Find Your Foe
Find Yuhong
Find a Path to the Origin Tree
Find a Zeffo Astrium to unlock the Vault's inner chamber
Find a way into the Lucrehulk
Find paths that outmaneuver the trooper.
Find the Astrium on Dathomir
Find the Gorge's Secret
Find the Piasa Nest
Find the tombs of the three Zeffo Sages to unlock the Vault's inner chamber
Find your Kyber Crystal
Finding artifacts
Finding the Crystals
Fine Tune
Fine tunes menu narration volume.
Fingerlip Garpon
Fire Lichen
Fire Pineapple
Fire cannons
Fire lichen grows naturally in the dry climate of Dathomir. Its bright red color comes from the absorption of sulfur and other dust particles in the air. The Dathomirian variety is so resilient it's nearly impossible to rip from the rock. 
Fires a blaster bolt that stuns one target and others in close proximity.
Fires a charged blaster bolt that does heavy damage to one target.
Fires a specially-loaded round that will bounce off any surface it hits.
First Puzzle
Fish
Fish Collected:
Fish caught by Skoova Stev will be sent to the Aquarium at Pyloon's Saloon. Talk to Skoova Stev at the Aquarium to learn more about the latest discoveries
Fjord
Flame Beetle
Flame rifle requires cool down after use; close the distance and strike.
Flamethrower Fire
Flametrooper
Flammable
Flammable
Flatakk
Flatakk Defeated
Flip Direction
Flooded Bunker
Flora and Fauna
Flora and Fauna
Flora and Fauna
Flora and Fauna
Flora and Fauna
Flux
Flying Lunge
Focal Distance
Focus
Focus Attack
Focus Attack Armor
Focused Mind
Focused Parry
Focused Parry
Focused Sight
Fogged Expanse
Foliage Detail
Follow CSF Captain
Foothill Falls
For centuries the moon station lay dormant and damaged. Rayvis and Dagan, however, are determined to breathe life into the facility once more.
For centuries, Rayvis has owed Dagan an oath of service. Once the compass is in Dagan's possession, Rayvis will consider this oath fulfilled. Yet the Gen'Dai warrior confesses that there is little honor to be won in the galaxy these days.
For her hideout, Cere chose the site of an old Anchorite monastery, located in the Narkis Highlands. Although the site has been expanded to over ten times its original size, some of the old mountain tunnels still remain. Deep beneath the sands, the base enjoys natural protection against desert storms, as well as Imperial scanners.
For his new purpose, Rayvis forged an army of droids and Raiders, discarding those of no use to him. Others, however, saw potential in the broken parts left behind.
For many Raiders, the electrohammer is a blunt instrument. For Urgost, it is the brush with which he paints his art. Rayvis saw something in Urgost - a measure, perhaps, of his own warrior code, and took it upon himself to provide tutelage in the way of such an unwieldy weapon. As such, Urgost now employs the electrohammer as if it were an extension of his own arms.
For the best experience playing STAR WARS Jedi: Survivor, a controller is recommended.
Force
Force
Force Attack
Force Attack
Force Bar
Force Bar
Force Echo
Force Essence Acquired
Force Essence retrieved
Force Interact Icons
Force Interaction Hints
Force Interaction Hints
Force Interactive Hints
Force Parry
Force Power Failed
Force Powers
Force Regen
Force Regeneration Increased
Force Target
Force Target Blocked
Force Tear
Force Tear
Force Tear Complete
Force Tear Unlocked:| @ {tearname}
Force Tears
Force powers deplete the Force Meter. Attack enemies to refill it
Force powers have a limited effect except when the bilemaw is preparing to strike.
Force pulling the droid to you will activate its timer, but allow you to use it like a grenade.
Force pushing the droid away from you will cause it to detonate.
Foreboding Cave
Foreman Droid
Foresight
Forest Array
Forest Bridge
Forest Exit
Forest Grounds
Forest Mount
Forest Path
Forest Path
Forest Trench
Forever Curious
Forfeit your Lives
Forging Forward Alone
Fort Kah'lin
Fortification
Fortified with Rhodium plating. 
Fortitude
Fortress Citadel
Fortress Inquisitorius
Fortress Inquisitorius
Fortress Inquisitorius
Forward Control Tower
Found Items
Found across the galaxy.| @ | @ Bring these tracks to Ashe and DD-EC at Pyloon's Saloon to hear some new tunes.
Found by scanning enemies using BD-1.| @ Visit Pyloon's Saloon to use these units in Holotactics.
Found on {noun}
Found throughout the galaxy
Foundation
Fractured Agility
Fractured Burden
Fractured Burden
Fractured Cunning
Fractured Delusion
Fractured Determination
Fractured Dexterity
Fractured Duality
Fractured Endurance
Fractured History
Fractured Malice
Fractured Momentum
Fractured Plain
Fractured Power
Fractured Punishment
Fractured Resolve
Fractured Tradition
Fractured Trust
Free Kashyyyk
Free Sample
Free the Mantis
Free the Wookiees
Freedom fighter Mari Kosan serves Saw Gerrera's forces on Kashyyyk in their desperate battle against the Empire. Her bravery and dedication to the cause make her a valuable ally to the Wookiees. She provides Cal with vital information about Wookiee Chieftain, Tarfful, which helps his mission.
Freeing Zee
Freight Handling Depot
French
Frenzied Jotaz
Frenzied Jotaz Defeated
Frequently combines blaster fire, missiles, and flamethrower; engage with caution.
Frequently mixes blaster fire, flashbang grenades, shield attacks, and repulsor blasts; engage with caution.
Frequently worn by adrenalin-seeking pilots and rogues. Well-made, but more form than function.
Friendly Creature
Friendly Creature
Friends
Friends in High Places
Friends, Unforgotten
Frilled Newt
From the Narkis Anchorites to the Central Isopter, Jedha is home to a variety of religious groups. Though their beliefs differ drastically, most see the Pilgrim Moon to be a place of particular significance to both the Force and the galaxy.
From the dark of the swamp's seemingly endless tar pits came a creature so mysterious and terrifying, it caused prospectors to flee. In reality, it's just a sticky bogling.
From their offices on the surface levels, Coruscant politicians seek to exert influence on the underworld. The results of these machinations are predictably fatal for the hapless denizens below.
From this control room, the Republic Jedi and scientists stationed here conducted their monitoring of the planet's activity, while also gathering samples from the caverns themselves.
Frontier
Frustration
Full Beard
Full Beard (temp)
Full Goatee (temp)
Full Goatee and Mustache
Full Grain Bloggin Hide
Full Grain Nerf Leather
Full HD
Fullscreen
Fully Grown
Fully Grown in {Value} Min
Functional, defensible hinterland leathers, tanned by the merciless Outer Rim.
Further increased Force regain when performing a Precision Evade.
Future
Gabs
Gabs
Gabs
Gain Access to the Senator's Terminal
Gain additional ammunition each time you strike an enemy with the lightsaber.
Gain more experience from defeating enemies.
Galactic Map
Galaxy
Galaxy
Galaxy
Galaxy/Planet
Gambler
Game Designer
Game Designers
Game Director
Game Saved
Game Saved
Game Volume
Game Writer
Game install has completed
Gameplay
Gameplay Focus
Gantry
Gar
Garden
Garden Expansion
Garden Map
Garden Overview
Garden Plants
Garden Progress
Gardening
Garra
Gate
Gates
Gateways
Gathering Room
Gathering Tempest
Gatt Medo
Gelid Dungeon
Gen'Dai
Generally a hyper-aggressive, territorial species, bog rats gradually formed mutualistic relationships with splox. Splox will disturb bogling nests, luring them to the surface to be ambushed and eaten by bog rats. Once the adult boglings are out of the way, splox burrow into their nests and devour the eggs.
Generally, though not always, a mogu will incapacitate its prey before dragging it back to its den, where they can be preserved and devoured at the mogu's leisure. The mogu of this cave has clearly hunted well.
Generator Underbelly
Generic Interact
Geodes
Geonosian
Geonosis
Get to the Hangar
Get to the Mantis
Geyser
Geyser Blocked
Ghost or Guardian
Ghosts in the Machine
Gido
Gift of Fire
Gillypod
Give Compass to Cordova
Give Contact Codes to Cere
Given to Cal by Mari Kosan, Tarfful, and Choyyssyk to help him navigate the Shadowlands.
Gloomroot Hollow
Glottsamcrab
Glumbrig Eels
Gnarled Heights
Go to Bode's Quarters
Goatee
Goatee (temp)
Goatee and Mustache
Goatee and Mustache (temp)
Gold Squadron (Premium Content)
Golden Skriton
Golden Skriton
Goldenlight Moss
Gonk Droid
Gonk Droid
Gonk Droid
Gonk Droid
Gonk droid entry
Goodbye Koboh
Gorgara
Gorgara
Gorgara Defeated
Gorgara is extremely vulnerable to Force powers in certain states.
Gorge Crash Site
Gorge Shrub
Gorger
Gorgers scour in packs, a strategy that has served them well when the often desperate and hapless prospectors came to Koboh. A single Hunter poses no problem to a prospector with a blaster, but when lured into a nest full of the beasts, the situation rapidly deteriorates.
Gorocco
Gorocco Matriarch
Gorocco Nest
Gorocco Sanctuary
Gorocco construct nests in the most advantageous areas - protected from the harsh elements, and with as wide and visible an approach as possible. Typically, only the female gorocco remains in the nest, to rest and protect any young, while the male spends time hunting for food. 
Gorocco make their homes amongst the bluffs and crevices of Koboh, and will defend them against any interloper. A powerful and surprisingly fast beast, the gorocco is notable for hurling whatever it can find at any who incites its ire.
Gorraslug Leather
Got it
Grand Courtyard
Grand Moff Tarkin
Grand Oculus
Grand Oculus
Grand Oculus
Graphics Quality
Grapple Perches
Grapple Point
Grapple Point
Grasping Pull
Gravitational Mastery
Gray Cloth
Great Divide
Greater Cleaving Swing
Greater Confusion
Greater Connection
Greater Hold
Greater Impact
Greater Reflexes
Greel-wood
Green
Green Cloth
Green Silk
Greez
Greez Defeated
Greez Dritus
Greez Dritus
Greez Dritus
Greez Dritus
Greez Dritus
Greez Dritus is a four-armed Latero and captain of the Mantis. He works for Cere Junda and appears to hold her in high esteem despite his otherwise curmudgeonly nature. After saving Cal on Bracca, Greez reluctantly accepts the young Jedi's friendship.
Greez agrees to return to pilot the Mantis. Like Cal and Bode, he can see the promise in a planet safe from the Empire. 
Greez pointed Cal to the tunnels beneath the outpost, where he stored spare parts for the Mantis. While down there, Cal discovered the ruins of an old structure, and a droid from the High Republic-era pinned beneath fallen debris. Touching the droid, Cal experienced a vision: amid a cataclysmic disaster, the Jedi Knight Santari Khri entrusted the droid - ZN-A4 (or "Zee") - with a tuner device, charging her with saving the lost planet of Tanalorr.| @ | @ After saving Zee and returning with her to the cantina, Cal found Bode had arrived, seeking payment. Insistent, Zee charged Cal with finishing her duty; seeking out the key to Tanalorr in the Forest Array. Thinking there might be something to it, Bode takes Greez to repair the Mantis, while Cal and BD set out to the forest...
Greez's Units
Greezy Money
Gregarious Padawan
Grenade Beeping
Grief-stricken yet hopeful, Santari Khri gazed up at the Koboh Abyss, not knowing if she would ever see the world that lay beyond it ever again.
Grip
Grip
Gritz
Grock
Grock
Grock
Grock Departed
Grock is a tradesman and mechanic who partners with Dana to seek the treasures of Koboh.
Grock is killed stealing a valuable fuel injector from Imperial territory. Though Dana managed to recover the injector, she's still processing the loss of her partner in crime.
Grock struggles to move through Dredger Gorge in search of treasure, on another of Dana's often-dangerous money-making ventures. 
Grock's End
Ground Pulse
Grungio
Guardian
Guardians of the Tomb
Gulu
Gulu - a cantankerous old-timer - and his lifelong partner Gido - a cantankerous old-timer - spend all day, every day, lounging around in front of the local saloon. They roast, joke about and tease everyone and everything that dares cross into their field of view.
Gulu Gido
Gulu and Gido
Gulu and Gido meet for what will be the start of a highly unconventional but extremely long-lasting relationship.
Gulu and Gido were chattering about a local recluse who never leaves his house. The place is well-defended, they say, which means there might be something worth finding inside.
Gunslingers are highly evasive, but they are particularly susceptible to Force abilities during certain windows.
Gusty Bluffs
HDR
HDR Black Point
HDR Brightness
HDR Output
HIDE
HIDE UI
HUD
HUD ELEMENTS VISIBILITY
HUD Scale
HUD Visible
Hack Panel
Hack Panel
Hair
Half Beard
Hallikset
Halls of Ranvell
Halls of the Nydak
Hammered Copper
Hand in Hand
Hand-made, naturally-sourced layers of protection, preserving a unique sense of identity.
Handlebar Mustache (temp)
Hangar
Hangar 2046-C
Hangar Bay
Hangar Bay Exterior
Hangar Rafters
Hard Leather
Hard Plastoid
Hard Plastoid Black
Hard Plastoid Gray
Hard Plastoid Red
Hard Plastoid Tan
Hard Plastoid White
Hard Surface Artist
Hardshell
Harmony
Harr
Harr
Harr
Harvest Ridge
Hastily Abandoned Site
Hatch
Haven's Edge
Having discovered High Republic-era tech on both Koboh and its moon, Cal returns to Jedha to show Master Cordova what he's found. 
Having finally reached the mountain summit in search of treasures, a grievously tired prospector takes in the view, and considers their journey...
Having secured the Hidden path contact codes, Cal and Merrin return to Cere's Base.
Having secured the Hidden path contact codes, Cal and Merrin return to Cere's base.
Hawk
Haxion Brood
Haxion Brood
Haxion Brood Bounty Droid
Haxion Brood Bounty Hunter
Haxion Brood Brawler Bounty Droid
Haxion Brood Commando
Haxion Brood Defeated
Haxion Brood Grenadier
Haxion Brood Gunslinger
Haxion Brood Shock Commando
Haxion Brood enforcers are drawn from the dark pits of the Outer Rim to run protection for Sorc Tormo's operations. Armed with powerful blaster rifles and sturdy deployable shields, they attack with considered and calculated menace. At close range, their shields can deliver a concussive burst, capable of disorienting their foe, readying them for capture or execution.
Haxion Brood grenadiers, like others in Sorc Tormo's employ, enjoy the versatility a jetpack provides. However, they eschew a vast armory in favor of a high-powered blaster rifle and a complement of cluster grenades. Combined, the grenadier is capable of softening their target up with strafing bombing runs, before delivering the killing blow with a jet-powered physical strike.
Haxion Fight Pit
Haysian Smelt
Haysian Smelt
Hazard
Hazard
Hazard
Hazard
Hazards
Head
Head
Head Canon
Head out of Cere's base
Head out to help the Anchorite.
Headband
Headphones
Heal
Heal
Healing stims also fill a small amount of the Super Meter.
Healing takes time so be aware of your surroundings!
Heals Cal
Health Essence Acquired
Health Regen
Health and Force have been restored.
Health, Force and stim canisters have been restored.
Health, Force, and Stim Canisters have been restored. However, all enemies have returned as well. 
Heavily built and easy to read, they are highly susceptible to parrying.
Heavy Assault Trooper
Heavy assault troopers are deployed to defend entrenched positions - where they can best use their Z-6 rotary blaster cannons to provide long-range suppressive fire in short but devastating bursts. Essentially a semi-mobile gun emplacement, the heavy assault trooper excels at thinning out advancing enemies, while remaining relatively well-guarded behind a personal shield of low-emitter energy.
Heavy duty ropes and reinforced anchors designed for brittle basalt descents indicate that these were experienced explorers. The steep route leads up to the nearby mountains, but without the right gear, this shortcut remains inaccessible.
Heightened Senses
Hela Enn
Hela Enn Defeated
Help
Help Zygg in the Swamp
Help and Controls
Hermit
Hermit
Hermit's Abode
Hesitant Refugee
Hidden
Hidden
Hidden Path Contact Codes
Hidden Path, Exposed
Hidden amongst a dense cluster of stellar crystals, the Imperial Security Bureau manages to operate both a clandestine listening station and a fully-armed Imperial staging area. From here, under the command of Chief Supervisor Lank Denvik, this regional arm of the Security Bureau gathers data on the adjacent systems, and draws up plans and resources for large-scale operations that involve multiple branches of the Imperial military machine.
Hide
Hide AI
Hide Background Dialogue
Hide Background Subtitles During Conversations
Hide Cal
Hide HUD
Hide UI
Hideout
Hiding
Hiding
Hieroglyphics upon a ruined temple. Such inscriptions can be found elsewhere, yet their translations remain unknown.
High
High Contrast Mode
High Contrast Settings
High Republic Datastick
High Republic Droids
High Republic Memory Sticks
High Republic Moon Laboratory
High Republic Research Facility
High Republic Satellite Facility
High Republic-era scientists constructed the Grand Oculus to not only observe the Koboh Abyss, but to track and predict spikes in its energy fields. Its last calibration tracked a seismic shift in Koboh's stratosphere.
High Waves
High, well-shined boots fit over formal, side-striped trousers. For those who insist on style, even in a crisis.
High-Altitude Research
High-waisted and well-pressed, ideal for formal occasions - medal ceremonies, for instance.
Highland Vista
Highly acrobatic and unpredictable. Watch its movements carefully.
Highly aggressive beast - wait for it to finish its attack flurries before counterattacking.
Highly aggressive, tremendous speed, powerful stamina, and lightsaber resistant.
Highly agile - use ranged attacks or Force powers to manage their movement.
Highly dangerous when his lightsaber is orbiting him - keep your distance if possible.
Highly dangerous, lightsaber resistant.
Highly educated, Toa's archaeological interest brought her to Koboh. Though an academic by training, she is eager to get her hands dirty while exploring High Republic ruins. 
Highly volatile matter unique to this system of the galaxy. Without further analysis, the elements comprising this gaseous substance remain a mystery. 
Hohochu
Hold
Hold and release {Grab} to grapple to | @ and launch away from perches
Hold and release {SpecialAttack} to fire a specially-loaded round that bounces between enemies.
Hold and release {SpecialAttack} to fire a stun dart that paralyzes enemies in a small area.
Hold and release {SpecialAttack} to fire the equipped special shot type
Hold button
Hold button
Hold button
Hold for greater effect
Hold forward to move
Hold to Slow enemies
Hold to block enemy attacks except RED unblockable attacks
Hold to block most enemy attacks
Hold to block the Second Sister's attacks
Hold to concentrate and automatically counter most incoming melee attacks
Hold to fire blasters
Hold to increase strength and distance of pull
Hold to perform a powerful leaping attack
Hold to pull in small objects or enemies.
Hold to push enemies harder and further
Hold to throw your lightsaber. The moment Cal catches the lightsaber, press Focus Attack again to Fire a burst of blaster bolts.
Hold {BDGun_Aim} to Aim
Hold {BDGun_Fire} to spray Koboh matter
Hold {DiveDownward} to dive underwater
Hold {DroidConfirm} to request a hint from BD-1
Hold {Evade} to automatically evade incoming melee attacks.
Hold {Evade} to dodge incoming attacks. Uses Force Meter.
Hold {ForceFocus} and press {TameOrTrick} to Confuse large creatures| @ Confused enemies will attack Cal if no hostiles are near
Hold {ForceFocus} and press {TameOrTrick} to confuse enemies | @ into attacking others
Hold {ForceFocus} and press {TameOrTrick} to temporarily Confuse an enemy into fighting their allies
Hold {ForceFocus} and {ForceLift_Separate} to Lift larger enemies.
Hold {ForceFocus} and {ForceLift_Separate} to Lift your target as well as nearby enemies.
Hold {ForceFocus} and {ForceSlam_Separate} for bigger hit reactions from affected enemies.
Hold {ForceFocus} and {ForceSlam_Separate} to Slam groups of enemies
Hold {ForceFocus} and {ForceSlam_Separate} to Slam groups of enemies.
Hold {ForceFocus} and {Jump} to Slam objects and enemies down
Hold {ForceFocus} and {SpecialAttack} to Lift objects and enemies into the air
Hold {ForceFocus} and {TameOrTrick} to trick enemies into turning on each other| @ Confused enemies will attack Cal if no hostiles are near
Hold {ForceFocus} then press {TameOrTrick} after Confusing a target to Confuse an additional enemy.
Hold {ForceFocus} to use enemies as weapons after Pulling them
Hold {ForceFocus} to use enemies like the Heavy Gunner as weapons after Pulling them
Hold {ForceFocus}, then press {Summon} to ask Bode to attack a targeted enemy
Hold {ForceFocus}, then {ForceLift_Separate} Use Lift to open the gate
Hold {ForceFocus}, then {ForceLift_Separate} to Lift and Hold enemies
Hold {ForceFocus}, then {ForceLift_Separate} to use Lift on unsuspecting enemies
Hold {ForceFocus}, then {ForceSlam_Separate} to use Slam to destroy the turrets
Hold {ForcePull} Force Pull and Press {DroidConfirm} to slice and control damaged Probe Droids
Hold {ForcePull} and Press {DroidConfirm} to slice and control damaged Viper Droids
Hold {ForcePull} and press {ForceFocus} while holding a Pulled enemy to force them to fire their weapon. Works on humanoids only.
Hold {ForcePull} to Pull and catch incoming objects like missiles
Hold {ForcePull} to affect the largest and most Force-resistant enemies.
Hold {ForcePull} to grab ropes from afar
Hold {ForcePull} to pick up the Roller Mine
Hold {ForcePull} to pull distant enemies closer
Hold {ForcePull}, then {DroidConfirm} to slice and control damaged B1 Droids
Hold {ForcePull}, then {DroidConfirm} to slice and control damaged Rifle BX Droids
Hold {ForcePush} to push enemies in a much larger radius, and with a greater effect.
Hold {Grab} to grapple to a Balloon
Hold {Grab} to perch on a Grapple Balloon for a short time. Aim with {MoveRightAnalogX} to control Cal's jump
Hold {MeleeAttack} after a basic attack to perform a powerful overhead swing.
Hold {MeleeAttack} through the flurry to execute a strong final overhead swing.
Hold {MeleeAttack} to close the distance to your enemy with a leaping thrust.
Hold {MeleeAttack} to deal fast strikes towards a single enemy.
Hold {MeleeAttack} to perform a single, high damage swing with a long windup.
Hold {Parry} and press {MeleeAttack} to dive forward while spinning the lightsaber.
Hold {Parry} and press {MeleeAttack} to perform a sequence of quick swings that rapidly replenishes ammunition if they connect.
Hold {Parry} and press {MeleeAttack} to perform a wide, sweeping lightsaber attack.
Hold {Parry} and press {SpecialAttack} to throw your lightsaber
Hold {Parry} and {SpecialAttack} for a stronger lightsaber throw that hits for more damage and moves a short distance through the target.
Hold {Parry} and {SpecialAttack} then press {SpecialAttack} again to throw the second blade at a target to double up damage.
Hold {Parry} and {SpecialAttack} to focus and target multiple enemies at once with the blaster.
Hold {Parry} and {SpecialAttack} to throw both lightsabers that bounce between multiple targets.
Hold {Parry} and {SpecialAttack} to throw the lightsaber in a line through multiple targets.
Hold {Parry} and {SpecialAttack} to throw the lightsaber. Keep {SpecialAttack} held to maintain the lightsaber's position and use {MoveLeftAnalogX} to direct it around.
Hold {Parry} right before blaster shots connect to reflect them back towards nearby targets.
Hold {Parry} then press {MeleeAttack} to attack and leap backwards, creating distance from the target.
Hold {Parry} to block attacks from any direction
Hold {Parry} to block blaster bolts.
Hold {Parry} to block most enemy attacks
Hold {Parry} to illuminate with your lightsaber
Hold {Parry}, then press {MeleeAttack} to dash and strike a target out of normal melee range.
Hold {SpecialAttack} to perform a long-reaching thrust attack.
Hold {SpecialAttack} to perform an attack that pulls enemies in a small area and takes Cal into the air.
Holding Pull allows Cal to pull and hold most enemies. Large enemies can be yanked towards Cal.
Holding Pull allows Cal to pull and hold most enemies. Large enemies or Force-resistant enemies may stumble and become vulnerable.
Holding Push allows Cal to push groups of enemies and stagger large enemies.
Holding Slow allows Cal to slow all targets around him. Increases slowed duration on target enemies.
Holding Slow allows Cal to slow his target for a longer duration.
Holding {Grapple} as you reach a Grapple Perch will briefly slow time before Cal leaps off. A blue trail will indicate the direction Cal will travel when {Grapple} is released.
Holomap
Holomap
Holomap
Holomap Controls
Holomap Unavailable
Holomap Unavailable
Holomap Unlocked
Holotactics
Holotactics
Holotactics Scan
Holotactics Scans
Holotactics Scans
Holotactics Table
Home
Home on the Range
Homeless Man
Homesick
Homestead
Hope
Hopes Aligned
Hours
How To Play
How To Play
How to navigate the Holomap:
How to perform
Howling Pull
Howling Push
Howling Push
Huge masses of rock fell through the roof and slammed into this subterranean sanctuary, indicating intense seismic activity above ground.
Huge pillars of brittle, heavy rock populate the Basalt Forest. Seismic activity deep beneath the planet's crust 'unroots' these stone trees, forcing the structures to erupt in their fully grown form. While the stone is no longer growing, its porous surface provides a scaffolding for rudimentary organic lifeforms to take root. Scholars refer to these structures as "stone sentinels."
Human Dismemberment
Hundreds of fallen pilgrims were embalmed and memorialized by Caretakers of the Path, who endeavored to give all those who walk the path respect in both life and death.
Hunt down all standard targets and prove yourself worthy to take on the best of the best
Hunter
Hunter
Hunter
Hunter's Quarry
Hydraatis
Hyper Shell
Hyperdrive
Hyperspace
Hytho Pixx
I accept the User Agreement and understand EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy applies to my use of EA's services. I consent to any personal data collected through my use of EA's services being transferred to EA in the United States, as further explained in the Privacy and Cookie Policy.
I accept the User Agreement and understand EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy applies to my use of EA's services. I consent to any personal data collected through my use of EA's services being transferred to EA in the United States, as further explained in the Privacy and Cookie Policy.
I accept the User Agreement and understand EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy applies.
I accept the User Agreement and understand EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy applies.
I accept the User Agreement and understand EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy applies. 
I could only intercept fragments of information about what they are doing here but I can guess they're evil.
I have read and accept the User Agreement and EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy.
II-0810 Satellite Station
INVALID PLANET
ISB Agent
ISB Agent
ISB Base
ISB Base Structure
ISB Guard
ISB Instructor
ISB Lecturer
ISB Officer
ISB Officers are caught in Cal's rampage as he chases Bode. The officers are gripped by fear and alarm at this new enemy's ferocity.
Ibdis Maw
Ice Cave Excavations
Ice Caves
Icons
Icons
Idle Talk
If Cal runs out of block stamina, he will be temporarily stunned and vulnerable
If Cal runs out of block stamina, he will be temporarily stunned and vulnerable.
If trapped within, strength and creativity may prevail.
If you experience motion sickness in games, consider turning Camera Sway off.
If you mistime a Parry, continue to hold {Parry} Block to be safe from most standard attacks
If you parry Trilla's thrown lightsaber, she'll rapidly throw it back. Be prepared.
If you parry Trilla's thrown lightsaber, she'll rapidly throw it back. Be prepared.
Igneous Fissure
Ilum
Ilum
Ilum Terrain
Ilum is naturally abundant in geological formations found within mineral-rich underground rock. Billions of years of accumulated mineral matter deposited from hydrothermal fluids have infused the rock walls with valuable constituents, including rare crystals.
Immediate
Impact
Imperial
Imperial Alloy
Imperial Astromech Droid
Imperial Cargo Transport
Imperial Chrome
Imperial Dig Site
Imperial Dojo
Imperial Excavation
Imperial Headquarters
Imperial Installation
Imperial Machinery
Imperial Occupation
Imperial Officer
Imperial Officer
Imperial Post 8L-055
Imperial Refinery
Imperial Stormtroopers have no regard for Wookiee lives. They see this planet and its inhabitants only as a resource to exploit.
Imperial Stormtroopers were dispatched to fend off incoming attacks from local wildlife. They encountered fiercer resistance than they were prepared for.
Imperial Tech
Imperial Trackers
Imperial Trench
Imperial electrobaton given to troopers stationed in remote areas where unexpected threats may arise. These weapons were crafted from the same components as Clone Wars era electrostaffs but have updated Imperial modifications.
Imperial excavation equipment. The level of dust suggests it's been sitting here a long time.
Imperial machinery generates power and controls interior temperatures of their industrial operations by harnessing geothermal energy from the planet's core. The process results in harmful byproducts and is highly destructive to the pristine ecosystem.
Imperial mining operations scour sites once considered sacred by the Jedi. Devouring the planet's resources for their own corrupt, secret agenda.
Imperial records - now suspected to be doctored - hold that Kip Ostar's body count exceeds that of the Imperial campaign on Subterrel. Doctored or not, what is not in dispute are Kip Ostar's vicious tendencies and the violent streak they've carved across the galaxy.
Imperial security checkpoints are equipped with security protocol scanners designed to prevent unauthorized personnel from entering.
Imperial supplies addressed to Squadron 013. The shipment was meager in the first place - the rations already exhausted. These troops were disorganized, disengaged, and desperate.
Import
Import PS4™ System Save Data
Import completed successfully.
Important landmarks like Meditation Points, Objectives, and the Mantis are visible on the Holomap.
Improved Air Force Attack
Improved Clip
Improved Dash
Improved Footwork
Improved Stim Formula
Improved Stim Formula
Improved Survival Skills
In Good Time
In a Force vision, Cal witnesses Santari Khri attempt to pull Dagan back from a dark path. After Dagan violently lunges for the compass, Khri severs his arm and calls a droid to prepare a bacta tank.
In a final confrontation, Dagan uses the Force to confuse Cal. But the Jedi turns Dagan's power against him, revealing what Dagan fears most - the judgement of Santari Khri.
In accordance with the Emperor's will we've occupied Zeffo, "redistributing" its inhabitants. This planet has failed to yield significant data or relics for Project Auger. | @ Its electromagnetic winds have rendered the bulk of our mining technology useless. Meanwhile, more troopers lose their lives to dangerous fauna. | @ We will not be able to fulfill our directive here. It is my recommendation that we disband the project and leave a token outpost to keep scavengers from stealing our technology.
In another ploy to kill Cal, Trilla lured him onto a hanging sarcophagus and instructed her forces to shoot it down. In that moment, Cal regained the ability to Pull his lightsaber and narrowly escaped. On their way out of the tomb, Cal and BD found another encrypted log from Cordova, explaining the key to the Bogano Vault is a device called the Zeffo Astrium. To access the Vault, they'll need to find one. Before he could return to the ship Cal was captured by a bounty hunter. Who they work for remains a mystery... 
In conversation, pressing {SkipDialogueLine} skips ahead to the next line of dialogue. Does not affect cinematics. This can be toggled on/off at any time.
In his final message, Master Cordova revealed a close connection to BD-1, his faithful companion droid. On their many adventures, they shared close trust as BD-1 recorded Cordova's journey and vital knowledge. When they parted ways, BD-1 agreed to have his memory banks encrypted with this information, beginning his important mission and saying goodbye to one another.
In search of riches, prospectors fanned out, putting down roots across Koboh. As a result, the mountain - now considered the jackpot - soon saw its foothills covered in small but functional homes.
In the Grand Oculus of the Mountain Observatory, Cal and Bode discovered Dagan. Compass in hand, he listened to a final holorecording; a farewell from Santari Khri. Forlorn, but still resolved, Dagan declared his intent to found a new Jedi Order on Tanalorr - one in his image. He attacked the pair and, after a destructive struggle, Cal managed to turn Dagan's powerful Force confusion against him. | @ | @ Tormented by visions of Santari Khri, Dagan was disoriented, which allowed Bode and Cal to work together and finally defeat the ancient Jedi. With the compass finally now in-hand, the Mantis crew set a course for Jedha as they begin preparations for the journey to Tanalorr...
In the Name of Science
In the Narkis highlands, the greatest of all the sutaban stalks for prey. It is strong beyond the measure of common sutaban, and shows an unusual cruel streak. A fierce challenge for anyone, Sister Taske believes. 
In the abrupt evacuation, all manner of personal belongings were left behind, a tableau of the lives that were lived before.
In the aftermath of a small but brutal civil war that tore this settlement apart, the bandit leaders pledge themselves to Rayvis, and become part of his newly-formed Bedlam Raiders. Those who would not kneel, however, were exiled.
In the age of the High Republic, both scientists and Jedi worked together in an attempt to crack the mysteries of the planet, its stellar anomaly, and its unique physical matter. While their work was system-wide, their primarily habitation was a village, nested on the far side of the central valley. However, in the aftermath of the calamity that devastated the planet, the site of the settlement was obliterated, collapsing into the molten lava that rose from below. It is now a collection of precarious outcroppings; the Koboh locals have come to refer to these clinging ruins as the Stone Spires.
In the deepest section of the facility on Koboh's moon was an experimental laboratory. Within, samples of Koboh matter were manipulated and experimented upon in an effort to discover what the unique material was capable of. At the heart of the facility was Santari Khri's personal laboratory.
In the eye of an enormous storm, Cal and BD-1 found the Tomb of Eilram. Inside, Cal saw a vision of his former Master, Jaro Tapal, which helped him rediscover his ability to Push objects with the Force. As they were leaving, Cal and BD found another holo from Cordova pointing them to Kashyyyk...
In the hierarchical gorocco pack structure, the matriarch is above all. As a more powerful specimen than male goroccos, it historically fell to the matriarch to hunt and provide for the pack. However, in the years since the Bedlam Raiders upended life on Koboh and disrupted historical herding patterns, gorocco have grown increasingly hostile and unpredictable; none more than the matriarch. As such, she has now become a danger to the prospectors of Koboh, and has caused particular worry in the outpost, which lies within sight of the matriarch's den.
In the holding cells beneath Fort Kah'Lin, lived a secret even the Raiders feared to approach - an Oggdo, as vicious and resilient as anything on Bogano. Not knowing how to control the beast, the Raiders instead penned it in, using it as a form of execution for hapless prisoners.
In the northern desert of Jedha, there are ruins that Master Cordova once visited. Perhaps you could retrace his footsteps.
In the wake of Koboh's catastrophe, thermal activity surged. The surface cracked and lava flowed freely. Pressure vented through naturally-formed fissures, only to be held back by now-untamed Koboh matter.
In the wake of Nova Garon's bruising at the hands of Cal, Purge Troopers are dispatched to assess the situation, and reprimand its garrison.
In the wake of his terrifying experience on Dathomir, Cal travels to Ilum to construct a new lightsaber. With the help of his new Master, Cere Junda, he is able to conquer the horror of his past and forge his new Jedi weapon. Cal moves forward, now determined to complete his mission, let go of his tragic past, and choose his own destiny.
In the years before Koboh's surface was ravaged by catastrophe, what is now a vast swamp of tar was a fresh water source for the nearby Republic settlement. In the aftermath of the planet's devastation, however, a sucking and viscous liquid was formed wherever anomalous matter came into contact with water. This tar, toxic to all but the most hardened of creatures, transformed the area into a dank, inhospitable mire.
In their final confrontation, Malicos attempts to convince Cal to join him. Believing the Jedi era is over, the two clash in ideology. The battle escalates, finally tipped when Merrin helps Cal defeat the sinister Malicos.
In their search for Zeffo artifacts, these stormtroopers suffered an unexpected and horrific encounter with a Tomb Guardian.
In this Save, you seem to have bypassed certain story elements. Continuing to play from this point may encounter issues.
In this save, you seem to have bypassed certain story elements. Continuing to play from this point may encounter issues. | @ | @ If you choose to proceed anyway, loading any future Saves from the Title Screen will give you this option again.| @ | @ Load an earlier Save that is safe?
Inactive Elevator
Inactive Level
Inactive Shortcut
Inactive Tram
Incoming Damage
Incoming Damage
Increase Soaring Lift and Mass Slam radius.
Increase all lightsaber damage
Increase maximum blaster ammunition by three.
Increase or decrease the size of HUD elements.
Increase the amount of time enemies will attack other enemies while Confused.
Increase the amount of time enemies will attack other enemies while Confused.
Increase the distance that Cal can travel when using Dash Strike.
Increase the number of ricochet targets by 2| @ 
Increase to Experience gained, but you may no longer Restore after death.
Increased Block Damage
Increased boost on the amount of Taming when successfully dodging or evading an attack during the Taming process
Increased duration of Time that AI remains Tamed
Increases damage dealt by Lightsaber Throw.
Increases damage dealt by characters affected by Confusion.
Increases lightsaber damage, but incoming damage is also increased.
Increases range of Cleaving Swing.
Increases the range of Cal's Lightsaber Throw.
Indigenous to the planet Koboh, the lithe and agile gorgers have learned to stalk and corner their prey with a desperate efficacy. Known as 'hunters' to the locals, a gorger is naturally cautious, only striking when certain, lunging with sharpened claws and hungry, lethal fangs.
Indigo
Indiscriminate Appetite
Indomitable
Industrial
Industrial Stacks
Infamous
Infamous Onderonian insurgent, Saw Gerrera leads a group of opposition fighters against the Empire on the Wookiee homeworld of Kashyyyk. Harboring dark vengeance over the death of his sister during the Clone Wars, he lives by a blurred moral line, considering collateral damage to be a necessary evil. He comes to respect Cal as a strong potential ally and useful tool in his endless war.
Infamous Onderonian insurgent, Saw Gerrera works with Cal Kestis to run operations against the Empire. Gerrera charges Cal and his crew with obtaining military intel from the yacht of Senator Daho Sejan.
Infiltrate the Fortress Inquisitorius
Influences from Kashyyyk
Inner Fortress
Inner Ruins
Inoperable Console
Inquisitor Dark Gray
Inquisitor Gray
Inquisitor Light Gray
Inquisitor Paint
Inquisitor Red
Inquisitor Sanctum
Inquisitor White
Inquisitorius laser cell gates are a vital component to the sophisticated Fortress security apparatus. These impervious barriers were constructed for strict confinement of detainees in all levels of the stronghold. After several failed attempts and one successful escape, advanced modifications were made to the system, per the Grand Inquisitor's command.
Inscriptions
Insert
Insolence, or Bravery
Inspect the Giant Zeffo Statue
Install Complete
Insurgent Activity
Intensity| @ 
Interact
Interact
Interact / Target
Interact or jump on the trontoshell's back to ride it through the swamp
Interact with glowing objects to hear a moment in their history
Interact with the holotable.
Interactables
Interacting with a Meditation Point will save the game, and access several other game options
Interference
Interior
Interior Core
Interlopers
Internal Affairs
Interrogation Chamber
Interrogation Chamber
Intruder
Inventory
Inventory Details
Inventory Empty
Invert Controller X Axis
Invert Controller Y Axis
Invert Mouse X Axis
Invert Mouse Y Axis
Invert X Axis
Invert X Axis
Invert X Axis (Flight Controls)
Invert Y Axis
Invert Y Axis
Invert Y Axis (Flight Controls)
Investigate Dagan's Retreat on Koboh
Investigate Dredger Gorge's Rusted Elevator
Investigate Laboratory on Shattered Moon
Investigate New Imperial Excavation on Zeffo
Investigate the Abandoned Shack
Investigate the Central Valley Facility
Investigate the Factory Lower Levels
Investigate the Local Recluse
Investigate the Raider Storehouse
Investigate the Raider Watchtower
Investigate the Roller Mine Factory
Investigate the Ruins for signs of the Anchorite
Ionizing Calibrators
Irrelevant
It is more than a tree. It's a sacred source for the planet. It gave the Wookiees guidance.
It is not uncommon to see endless variations of this high-collared shirt in cantinas and drinking holes across the galaxy.
It's estimated that at least 15% of Kashyyyk's forests are covered in wyyyschokk webs. The threat of wyyyschokks is so common that Wookiee children are taught to defend themselves against the spiders from as young as three years old.  
It's said that Gatt Medo started life as a hunter of game, not of bounties. As times hardened and Imperial industry flourished, she was forced into a more pragmatic line of work. With an unfaltering aim, Medo was able to create fearsome reputation through her dramatic assassination style, which eventually caught the notice of Sorc Tormo.
Italiano
J-DH3
J-DH3
J-DH3 Defeated
J0-WR1 earned the moniker 'Jo the Cannibal' quite literally. Every droid she finds, or destroys, she takes a part of. Thus Jo has built herself over the years into one of the most fearsome bounty droids in the galaxy. The trail of destruction Jo has left in her wake in order to create themselves is beyond the comprehension of most.
Jacket
Jacket
Jailbreak Inventory
Jakku
Japanese
Jaren
Jaro Tapal
Jaro Tapal
Jaro Tapal
Jaro Tapal
Jaro Tapal
Jaro Tapal
Jaro Tapal
Jaro Tapal Defeated
Jaw Plant
Jawa
Jawa Settlement
Jawa Settlement
Jedha
Jedha
Jedha
Jedha
Jedha
Jedha Coral Red
Jedha Cream
Jedha Eggshell White
Jedha Faiths
Jedha Looter
Jedha Looter
Jedha Meteorology
Jedha Paint
Jedha Politics
Jedha Ruins
Jedha Russet
Jedha Scroll
Jedha Scrolls
Jedha Trespasser
Jedha White
Jedha is home to many dangerous creatures, but few are as ruthless and unpredictable as the skriton. A lopsided creature, the skriton's left claw is huge and incredibly powerful. Not only is it able to crush its prey easily, but it can also resist several heavy strikes. Its movement is erratic and hard to predict, making the skriton one of the deadliest creatures on the planet.
Jedha's harsh climate forces its residents to either adapt, or die. The Golden Skriton has taken this to extremes; greater still than the already-fearsome skriton, this apex predator strikes harder, moves faster, and lasts longer than almost any other beast on the planet, earning it a fearsome reputation.
Jedi
Jedi Blue
Jedi Chamber
Jedi Chambers
Jedi Concentration
Jedi Cream
Jedi Devices
Jedi Flip
Jedi Flip to avoid Ninth Sister's shockwave.
Jedi Funeral Rites
Jedi Grand Master
Jedi Grave
Jedi Hunter
Jedi Knight
Jedi Lime
Jedi Master
Jedi Master Chiata
Jedi Master Eno Cordova originally created this weather sensor to help him decide whether or not to wear a sweater on his excavations. To his surprise, the data he retrieved showed traces of electromagnetic radiation in Bogano's winds. Though it exists in much lower concentrations than on Zeffo, Cordova theorized this could be one reason the Zeffo chose to create their Vault on Bogano. 
Jedi Master Eno Cordova was a scholar and explorer revered for his knowledge of ancient civilizations. After experiencing a vision of the Order's doom, Cordova hid a holocron containing identities of young Force-sensitives in the Bogano Vault.
Jedi Master Jaro Tapal was a General during the Clone Wars who mentored his Padawan, Cal Kestis, with a firm and disciplined doctrine. During Order 66, Tapal was mortally wounded but managed to get Cal to safety. In Tapal's last moment, he passed his lightsaber to Cal. 
Jedi Master Jaro Tapal was a General during the Clone Wars who mentored his Padawan, Cal Kestis, with a firm and disciplined doctrine. Tapal was mortally wounded during Order 66 but gave his own lightsaber to Cal during their escape. Jaro Tapal's wisdom remains with Cal, helping to guide him as he confronts new challenges. 
Jedi Meditation Chamber
Jedi Meditation Spot
Jedi Order Edict
Jedi Padawan
Jedi Paint
Jedi Researcher
Jedi Studies
Jedi Tan
Jedi Temple
Jedi White
Jedi devices were constructed within this ancient temple to control certain conditions or activate protected passages. Many such tools exist using basic levers, swivel arms, and rudimentary objects that when positioned properly will achieve a specific purpose.
Jedi: Fallen Order Story
Jedi: Fallen Order – Dev Commentary
Jetpack Trooper
Jetpacks can be destroyed, reducing the Raider veteran's mobility.
Jo the Cannibal
Joined Black Silver
Joined Blue Copper
Joined White Gold
Jotaz
Journey
Journey
Journey Complete
Journey Complete
Journey Screen Unlocked
Journey's End
Judgement
Jump
Jump / Jedi Flip
Jump again mid-air to reach new heights
Jump and press {Evade} to dash. Dash to jump farther and through wind gusts
Jump and press {Jump} to climb
Jump onto a zipline to travel long distances.
Jump onto pinned ropes to climb them
Jump to most recent
Jump while in mid-air for extra height
Just as relters travel in flocks, so do they nest in flocks. Their elaborate nests range from simple nooks to sprawling scaffolds that cover entire cliffsides. 
Just before an enemy's attack hits press {Parry} to parry
Justice
K-4O5
K-4O5
K-N0T
K-N0T Defeated
K3 Vindicator
KLE-0
KLE-0 - known affectionately as "Cleo" - is the companion droid of the Finau brothers, and assists them in every facet of their profession. It is said, although it cannot be verified, that Cleo has as much blood on their metal hands as the brothers combined.
Kalpi
Kaminoan
Kashyyyk
Kashyyyk
Kashyyyk
Kashyyyk
Kashyyyk Laurel Green
Kashyyyk Light Blush
Kashyyyk Lime Green
Kashyyyk Paint
Kashyyyk Pale Olive
Kashyyyk Tea Green
Kashyyyk Wildlife
Kata
Kata Akuna
Kata Akuna
Kata Akuna was born on Birren in the aftermath of Order 66. After the Inquisitors killed her mother, she and her father fled. On Nova Garon, she spent significant time alone, as her father did whatever was asked of him by Commander Denvik, in order to keep her safe.
Keep an eye on your block stamina as Malicos attacks.
Keep an eye out for sneakily dropped grenades.
Keep essential gear at hand without sacrificing mobility.
Kiko
Kili Oso
Kill 3 enemies using reflected bolts
Kip Ostar
Koboh
Koboh
Koboh
Koboh
Koboh Barrier
Koboh Bridge
Koboh Dust
Koboh Grinder
Koboh Meditation Chambers
Koboh Orb
Koboh Orb
Koboh Orb Coupler
Koboh Seed
Koboh Seed Pods
Koboh Spiker
Koboh Swamp
Koboh Tar
Koboh Tuner
Koboh Wood
Koboh dust behaved differently at high altitudes, inspiring Republic scientists to conceive experiments specifically designed in the planet's upper troposphere.
Koboh's unique properties were noted by all who visited, both for good and ill. Two Jedi discuss their favorite hidden gems across the planet's surface.
Kompaktor
Kompaktor Defeated
Koob
Koob and Lizz
Korean
Korej Lim
Korej Lim and his jetpack came to the attention of Sorc Tormo when he inadvertently ignited the crime lord's Alderaanian rug. Sorc took a shine to Lim's exuberant pyrotechnics, and after proving himself in the fighting pits of Ordo Eris, he became one of Sorc's top henchmen.
Kujet's Tomb
Kyber Crystals
Kyyyalstaad Basin
Kyyyalstaad Falls
L Alt
L Cmd
L Ctrl
L Shift
L1
L2
L3
LOAD
LSMB
LSMB Funky Caverns
LW-896
Laboratory Thermoregulator
Laid to Rest
Lamina Steel
Laminasteel
Landing Bay
Landing Hydraulics
Landing Pad
Landing Pad
Landing Pad
Landing Pad
Landing Pad
Landing a Push right as an enemy attacks parries them.
Language
Language & Dialogue
Language: {languagename}
Lank Denvik
Lank Denvik
Larder
Large Plot
Larger parry window, but decreases Cal's block meter.
Laser Gate
Laser Gate
Laser Gate
Laser Gate
Laser Gate
Laser Gates
Last Encountered: {x}, {y}
Last Plea
Last Stand
Last saved {seconds} seconds ago
Last saved {timeamount} {timeunit} ago
Lawful Good
Layers of padding provide protection, while also finding space for a touch of style.
Lead Animator
Lead Concept Artist
Lead Dialogue Designer
Lead Level Designer
Lead Software Engineer
Lead Systems Designer
Lead UX/UI Designer
Lead VFX Artist
Leaking Water Storage
Leaning into their mechanical propensity for strength, these variations of the Haxion Brood bounty droid deal solely in the delivery of massive physical trauma. With their recognizable cockiness, they will happily pummel their targets into pulp, insulting them as they do.
Leaping Overhead Strike
Leaping Slash
Learn
Learn how to wield your lightsaber and defend yourself from enemy forces.
Learn to quickly evade enemy attacks.
Learn to quickly evade enemy attacks.
Leash
Leave
Leave
Leave
Leave the Forest Array
Ledge Grab
Ledge Hang
Left
Left 2
Left Bumper
Left Stick
Left Stick Press
Left Trigger
Legacy
Legend
Legend & Collectibles 
Legendary BX Droid
Legendary Bounties
Legendary Cave
Legendary Chest
Legendary Enemy Defeated
Legendary Hardshell
Legs
Legs are vulnerable.
Less agile; utilize distance and maneuverability to land strikes.
Letterbox
Level 2046
Level 2046
Level 2046 Resident
Level 2046 is a mid-level of Coruscant's ecumenopolis. An often insalubrious place, it is known for a vibrant community of vendors and industrialists, interlaced with the desperate and the impoverished. Yet as the Empire tightens its grip on all aspects of galactic life, so too has level 2046 found itself choked by increasing military repression and corrupt bureaucracy. Some senators see the area as the perfect location to do business 'off the books', and have begun treating the level's labyrinthine streets and myriad landing pads as tools in their endless quest for ever-greater power.
Level A
Level B
Level C
Level D
Level Designer
Level Designers
Level E
Level Up/Down
Life Bar
Life Bar
Life Regen
Life on Saleucami cannot be said to be altogether exciting, and so this mix of sugars, spices, spirits and Saleucami tree bark makes a fragrant but slightly boring concoction.
Life regenerates up to a minimum amount.
Life's full of unexpected twists and turns -- and sometimes a gigantic freighter explodes, sending shrapnel hailing down to shred your moon. So drink up! It might be your last.
Life, Force, and XP restored.
Lift
Lift
Lift Gate
Lift and Slam
Lifted
Lifter Droid
Light Bandolier
Light Metal
Light Mustache
Light Mustache and Patch
Light patrol helmet.
Light-enhancing Crystals
Lighting Artist
Lighting Artists
Lightsaber
Lightsaber
Lightsaber
Lightsaber Customization
Lightsaber Damage Increased
Lightsaber Left
Lightsaber Mastery
Lightsaber Miniboss Staff
Lightsaber Return Burst
Lightsaber Right
Lightsaber Set
Lightsaber Throw
Lightsaber Throw
Lightsaber Throw
Lightsaber Throw
Lightsaber Throw 
Lightsaber Throw Challenge Complete!
Lightsaber can slice through jaws.
Lightsaber parts that Cal finds during his journey can be equipped at Workbenches. Once a Workbench is discovered it is added to the Holomap. 
Lightsaber throws deal more damage.
Lightsaber:
Lightsaber:
Lightsabers and BD-1 can now be customized at Workbenches found throughout the game.
Like many clandestine organizations, the Hidden Path uses contact codes to limit the network's exposure, should a safe house be compromised. Code access is restricted to certain members in order to safeguard against Imperial espionage.
List of Grievances
Listen carefully for signs a shiverpede may be lying in wait.
Little is known of Selfin Jook's origins, but they burst onto the galactic stage years ago following a daring escape from a Republic prison. After years on the lam, though, the hunted became the hunter, and Jook tore a desperate swath through Outer Rim bounty boards before falling, unceremoniously, into Sorc's employ.
Lizz
Load Camera Position
Load Journey
Loading
Loading Gantry
Local
Local Bosses
Local Directory
Locate Bode
Locate Brother Armias
Locate Rayvis on the Shattered Moon
Locate Tarfful on Kashyyyk
Locate the Odd Pair
Located in a vast clearing on the far side of the basalt forest, the imposing Forest Array looms large. It was built by the Republic centuries ago to study the many anomalies of the planet Koboh and the wider sector. Although it has fallen into disrepair in the centuries since the Republic's departure, it is clear that the wide courtyards surrounding the central apparatus were used to test devices that manipulated Koboh matter. In the absence of any caretakers, however, creatures both small and large have taken up residence in the array's nooks.
Location Is Everything
Location marked. Press to open Holomap
Locations
Locator Beacon
Locked
Locked
Locked
Locked
Locked
Locked Ability
Locked Areas
Locked BD-1 Ability
Locked Item
Locked Skill
Long-rusted and abandoned, the storage tanks that dot the mountain were used for storing water, and pumping out of flooded areas via myriad connected pipes.
Look
Look Down
Look Left
Look On My Works
Look Right
Look Up
Look around the environment to find an object for Bode to interact with and then press {ForceFocus}
Look for opportunities to use their own grenades against them.
Looming over the nearby outpost and the valley, this enormous silo is a mystery to the residents of Rambler's Reach, who know only that it was constructed by a strange and reclusive prospector some time ago. None of them have ever dared to try and venture within.
Lore
Lore
Lorge
Lost Connection
Lost Expedition
Lost Temple
Lost Treasures Found
Low
Low Health
Lower Staging Area
Lowered
Loyalty
Lucid Attunement
Lucrehulk Base
Lucrehulk Core
Lullaby
Lung Plant
Lunging Strike
Lunging Strike now reaches further.
Lurking in the subterranean darkness, the vile Albino Wyyyschokk is a rare but insidious horror to encounter. Feeding off the brains of its prey for centuries, this nasty, venom-spewing atrocity is far more aggressive than its common cousin. Highly intelligent and capable of super speed, this wyyyschokk's lunge attack is more vicious and dangerous.
M-6NK - "Monk"
MELEE
MISSING DATA
MOVE
Machinery
Macrobinoculars used by Imperial stormtroopers to scout entry into the tomb.
Macrobinoculars, used by a Wookiee as they watched the Empire enslave their people. Keeping them prisoners on their own home.
Mad Midge
Mad Midge Defeated
Mads Gresh
Mads Gresh
Magenta
MagnaGuard
Magnaguard
Magnets
Magnifying Window
Magus
Main Areas
Main Objective
Main Objective
Main Objective Details
Maintain pressure to break Trilla's block.
Maintain pressure to break Trilla's block.
Maintain pressure to break the Second Sister's block.
Maintenance Droid
Maintenance Station
Makeshift Grave
Makeshift machines, thrown together in a hurry, are often prone to failure when they are invariably pushed past their limits, as the prospectors of Koboh learned.
Malicos Unveiled
Malicos rarely attacks once. Be ready for his follow up attacks.
Malicos wanted Merrin to lead him through the ruins, but she was afraid. She knew he was after power.
Malicos' rapid attacks create many parry opportunities.
Maneuver to its weaker, right side, and attack its vulnerable flank.
Manipulate and deflect projectiles using the Force.
Mantis
Mantis
Manufactured in the cathedral factories of Xi Char, the Variable Geometry Self-Propelled Battle Droid was the main starfighter support of the Separatist forces in the Clone Wars.  The swamp surrounding the Lucrehulk is littered with them, suggesting they were thrown clear during the battleship's descent to Koboh.
Many denizens of the galactic underworld have seen Kili Oso's blaster in action - but very few are in a position to report back about it. One of Sorc's most prized instruments of death, and the survivor of many Ordo Eris death pits, Oso also has the distinct honor of having been denounced and sentenced to death by an Imperial Moff.
Many types of seeds can be discovered throughout the galaxy.
Map
Map / Shortcut
Map Level Down
Map Level Up
Map Upgrade: Chests
Map Upgrade: Databank
Map Upgrade: Seed Pods
Map Upgrade: Treasures
Map Upgrade: Upgrades
Map Zoom In
Map Zoom Out
Map of Pilgrim's Path
Mari Kosan
Mari Kosan
Mark all as Read
Marksmanship
Marl Cavern
Marooned
Marseph
Marseph Defeated
Martus
Martus Defeated
Masana Tide, known as the Ninth Sister of the Inquisitorius, craved revenge after being defeated by Cal years before.
Mash
Masi Finau
Masi Finau, along with his brother Fenn, seldom work alone. There is little point, when they are so effective together. It is believed they are wanted for over two dozen deaths in the Outer Rim alone, without even accounting for the tally of their companion droid.
Mass Pull
Mass Slam
Massive Ribcage
Massive increase in weapon damage for both friends and foes.
Master Cordova begins to glean the larger meaning of the ruins on Jedha he has so diligently explored.
Master Cordova journeyed to Zeffo, the homeworld of an ancient civilization of the same name. This same species built the vault on Bogano where he hid the holocron. On Zeffo he discovered a tomb dedicated to the powerful Sage Miktrull. Cordova's exploration revealed the existence of a Zeffo Astrium, a tool that could allow him to access the vault on Bogano.
Master Eno Cordova visited one final ruin at the heart of the desert. It's worth seeing for yourself.
Master Mar Ti Kam'Ron
Master Ooba-Neba Nocci
Mastered Agility
Material
Material
Material Customization
Material:
Material:
Materials
Matte
Matte Dark Iron
Matte Iron
Max FPS
Max Force
Max Life
Max Life Increased
Max Luminance
Max Stims
Max Stims
Max Stims Increased
Max Stims Increased
Maximum Force Increased
Maximum Health Increased
Maximum Life Increased
Maximum number of stim canisters increased.
May attack efficiently in large numbers.
Meditate
Meditation
Meditation Chamber Entrance
Meditation Hall
Meditation Point
Meditation Point
Meditation Point
Meditation Point
Meditation Point
Meditation Point Discovered
Meditation Points
Meditation Points allow you to spend points on new skills.
Meditation Points are where Cal can Rest and spend Skill Points to acquire new Skills.
Meditation Points will be found throughout Cal's journey. Make sure to interact with them to save your progress.
Meditation Relics
Medium
Medium Plot
Mee Fish
Meet Cere on Jedha
Meet Me At The Sabacc Table
Meet Saw on the Roof
Meet Tarfful and Mari on Kashyyyk
Memorial
Menu Button
Menu Narration
Menu Narration
Mercenary
Merchant details
Merchants
Merciless Rampage
Merciless and bombastic Umbaran leader of the Haxion Brood. Tormo takes great pleasure in his fight club, an infamous arena where the galaxy wagers on open combat against bloodthirsty killers and Tormo's wild menagerie of vicious space beasts. Never shy on humor, he is a mercurial mobster with a penchant for violence and greed.
Merrin
Merrin
Merrin
Merrin
Merrin Defeated
Merrin allowed Cal to pass, warning that Malicos was ahead. Malicos tried one last time to turn Cal, but attacked when he refused. It appeared Malicos would win but Merrin intervened, blasting Malicos with magick. They worked together to defeat Malicos. After, Cal revealed that he came to Dathomir for an Astrium. Merrin agreed to help him, and they found one in Kujet's Tomb. Desiring more knowledge of the galaxy and a future for her people, Merrin joined Cal's quest. Together, the crew stands ready to return to Bogano and find the holocron... 
Merrin confronted both Cal and Malicos, enraged Malicos would ally himself with a Jedi after years of convincing her they were the enemy. Seeing proof of Malicos' deception, she uses magick to unleash a horde of undead Nightsisters to destroy the outsiders.
Merrin fights against the Imperial encroachment on Jedha.
Merrin prayed to her lost sisters for forgiveness. She made a deal with Malicos and agreed to teach him their magick, but she was worried he couldn't be trusted.
Merrin will distract the Empire.
Merrin will meet you inside the base.
Merrin will remain in the desert.
Merrin will stall the Empire.
Merrin's Charm
Merrin's Magicked Charm
Merrin's Pact
Merrin's Units
Mesa
Mesa Entrance
Mesa Lookout
Messages strewn across the Pilgrim's Path - while often cryptic - were meant to encourage its more dedicated travelers.
Metal Alloy
Metals that are unique to their planet of origin, like beskar and osmiridium, highly-prized by various sects and societies.
Metals that are unique to their planet of origin, like beskar and osmiridium, highly-prized by various sects and societies.
Meticulous hand-crafted notes on the energy sphere left behind by the researcher on Bogano.
Meyen Corr
Meyen Corr has built a solid, if relatively unremarkable, reputation as a bounty hunter who gets the job done without any extraneous flare. The unassuming approach has worked for her, as in over ten years of hunting, not once has a bounty been issued on her in retaliation for her blood-soaked deeds.
Mich Murda
Mich Murda Defeated
Mid Ruins
Midnight
Midtones
Milk Grass
Mimban
Mind Challenge
Mind Trick
Mind Trick Sabotage
Minerals
Minimize
Minimum Force Regen
Minor Oculus
Mirienna
Mirienna
Miscellaneous
Missing Artifact
Missing Narration
Missing in Action
Mistakes
Mister Mockwell
Mix
Model 13
Modifies a creature to make it less reminiscent of an arachnid
Modifies the appearance of subtitle and caption text.
Modify
Modify audioping settings and preview audio.
Mogu
Mogu Den
Moldy Depths
Monastery Walls
Monitor
Monitoring Equipment
Monitoring Station
Monk
Monk
Monk hinted at escaping his 'distasteful' previous employer due to a restraining bolt malfunction. Perhaps there's more to his past than meets the optical scanner.
Monk is the droid bartender at Pyloon's Saloon and Greez's business partner. Armed with an encyclopedic knowledge of libations, he keeps tabs on troublemakers.
Monk spoke of a travelling musician and their DJ companion who had gone scouting the valley plateau to sample the sounds of the wild. Fearing for their safety, Monk asks you to check on them.
Mono
Moran
Moran
Moran
Moran reveals to Cal that he ran a highly profitable - and highly illegal - smuggling operation before the days of the Empire.
Moran said he'd seen an unconventional duo investigating bones on the far side of Rambler's Reach Valley.
Moran tells Cal about Dreyo, a former business partner and past love from the sunset of Moran's smuggling years. When Dreyo urged Moran to abandon the business and leave together, Moran refused - so Dreyo left alone instead.
Moran's Possessions
Morbid
More ancient ruins can be found on the edge of the western desert. Master Cordova's journey took him here, so too must it take you.
More dangerous in large numbers.
Mosey
Mosey
Mosey Cimarron was born to hunt, and Koboh presents such a person with almost endless opportunities - opportunities that Mosey does not waste.
Mosey Cimmaron
Mosey and her faithful Nekko, Leo, get into a scrape from which one of them cannot recover. Mosey does what needs to be done with a solemn understanding, and as much compassion as she can muster.
Mosey cautioned you about the uniquely lethal mogu that's been stalking about the swamp. If you cross paths with it, she advises looking our for its mud throws, which are particularly nasty.
Mosey let you know about a particularly fearsome gorocco making noise in Dredger Gorge. A worthy hunt, she said, but beware its powerful charge.
Mosey runs the outpost's stables and is a trained tracker and hunter. She is the first to welcome Cal to Rambler's Reach, and warns the Jedi about the Bedlam Raiders. 
Mosey warned you about an unusually dangerous bilemaw lurking in the mountain. She offered advice too: watch our for its corrosive expectorate - it'll burn right through you!
Mosey's got a tip: on the far side of the valley, in an animal graveyard, an enormous piasa has taken up nest. She had a hunch you'd find that worth investigating.
Most creatures that vanish beneath the surface of Koboh's swamps are never seen again. The Mire Terror, however, left one day as a simple mogu, only to return as something far worse. Made hardier, somehow, by the morass that still clings to its body, the Mire Terror has been the doom of many hapless prospectors.
Mother Bramlik
Motion Blur
Mount
Mountain Ascent
Mountain Cliffs
Mountain Exit
Mountain Observatory
Mountain Observatory
Mountain Pass
Mountain Trail
Mountaineer
Mountainside Hut
Mouse Look Sensitivity
Mouse Look Sensitivity X
Mouse Look Sensitivity Y
Movable Object
Move
Move Down
Move Left
Move Right
Move Up
Move the slider until you can barely see the symbol on the left.
Move to change color.
Moveable Object
Movement / Sprint (Press)
Much of the rock on Koboh is comprised of geometric, striated formations that cut dramatically through the terrain.
Mullet
Multi Pull Collision
Multifold Reflections
Multiple entries
Multiple entries added
Murdered Prospector
Murdie
Murdie Defeated
Mushbloom
Mushblooms
Mushblooms are a delicacy on Kashyyyk, but must be picked before the fungi reach maturity. Once the bulbous, bioluminescent fruiting body has formed they are highly poisonous. Incidents of mushbloom poisoning are rare, but often fatal.
Mushling
Mushlings
Mushlings are an essential ingredient in the ink Nightsisters and Nightbrothers use for their tattoos. The mushlings pods are boiled down until they become a thick, yellowish paste. From there clay, ash, or other pigments are mixed in to create a variety of colors.
Music
Music Implementor
Music Track
Music Tracks
Music Tracks
Mustache
Mustache (temp)
Mustache and Patch
Mustache with Soul (temp)
Mute Track
Muted
Mutton Chops (temp)
My Friend
My Friend
My Friend
Mygeeto Campaign (Premium Content)
Mykal
Myrmidon
Mysterious Keycode
Mysterious Skeleton
NAAARTAAAT
NVIDIA DLSS 3 Upscaler
NVIDIA DLSS uses AI Super Resolution to provide the highest possible frame rates at maximum graphics settings.
NVIDIA Frame Generation
Nabooan Green
Narkis Desert
Narkis Desert
Narkis Fallows
Narkis Highlands
Narration Volume
Narrative
Narrative Camera Zoom
Narrative Designer
Narrative Designers
Narrative Lead
Narrower
Narrowest
Nav Assist Ping
Navigate
Navigation
Navigation
Navigation
Navigation
Navigation Assist
Navigation Assist
Navigation Assist
Navigation Assist Audio Ping
Navigation Hints
Nearby Grapple Perches will be marked with an icon. Once Cal is in range, hold {Grab} to grapple and release again to propel forwards.
Nearby Grapple Points will be marked with an icon. When Cal is in range, hold {Grapple} to propel to that location
Negotiation
Nekko Falls
Nekko Mount
Nekko Mount Jump
Nekko Pools
Nekko Scratches
Neuranium
Neutral 2
Neutral 3
Never
Never seen without her 'better half', Corde complements her eye-of-a-needle aim with a slicer's intuition, performing deadly upgrades on her droid companion. She's known for cannibalizing the necessary parts from 'lesser' droids.
New
New
New
New Acquisitions
New Allies
New Area:
New Area:
New BD-1 Skin Acquired
New Cosmetic Acquired
New Echo
New Emitter Acquired
New Encounters
New Fish Discovered
New Journey +
New Journey +
New Journey +
New Journey +| @ Free Perks
New Journey + is now available from the main menu.| @ | @ All stances and cosmetics from previous games will be unlocked, along with some new perks and lightsaber colors. | @ | @ Any skill points will also carry over to your new game.
New Lightsaber Blades
New Lightsaber Material Acquired
New Lightsaber Part Acquired
New Lightsaber Sleeve Acquired
New Lightsaber Switch Acquired
New Mantis Paint Job Acquired
New Music Track Unlocked
New Objective
New Objective Added to Holomap
New Objective Unlocked
New Only
New Outfit Material Acquired
New Parts
New Pathway
New Perk Acquired
New Perk Slot Acquired
New Perks
New Perks Available
New Poncho Material Acquired
New Seed Acquired
New Seed Discovered
New Shop Available
New Skill Point
New Units Unlocked
New characters or conversations are now available at Pyloon's Saloon on Koboh.
New paths available on Holomap.
New seed planted
New seeds planted
New skills are available
Next
Next
Next Section
Next Stage in {Value} Min
Next Tab
Nightbrother
Nightbrother Archer
Nightbrother Dungeon
Nightbrother Leader
Nightbrother Village
Nightbrother Warrior
Nightbrothers "paint" glyphs using acid from the hydraatis. Rather than staining the surface, the acid burns into even the hardest rockfaces, leaving permanent marks. Each symbol must be carefully drawn both to preserve accuracy and avoid damage to oneself. Master calligraphers are rare and extremely valued for their talents.
Nightbrothers are a male warrior subspecies of Zabraks based on Dathomir. For centuries, their simple society was governed by Nightsisters, witches that ruled the planet but were decimated during the Clone Wars. Territorial and extremely hostile to outsiders, fighters in their ranks are highly acrobatic, agile and proficient in a variety of mixed combat.
Nightbrothers fought in this ruined arena to demonstrate their strength. Winning meant honor, respect and power over the weak.
Nightbrothers only recently began efforts to domesticate the bane back spider. Without the Nightsisters' magickal antivenoms, the task has occasionally proven deadly. However, if a spider is captured young and raised alongside a Nightbrother, it will bond with him and become a lasting companion.
Nightbrothers were thrown into a pit, killed by beasts. No doubt to set an example.
Nightmare Ruins
Nightsister
Nightsister 1
Nightsister Merrin
Nightsister Merrin
Nightsister Merrin
Nightsister Mother
Nightsister Training
Nightsisters of Dathomir
Ninth Sister
Ninth Sister
Ninth Sister Defeated
Ninth Sister can charge multiple times in a row. Be careful when dodging her.
Ninth Sister's Force Choke is unavoidable, but her follow-up attack can be dodged.
Ninth Sister's blows are powerful, dodge them when you can.
No
No Entries Unlocked
No Entries Unlocked
No Hiding
No Interruption
No Interruption
No Interruption
No Jacket
No Recent Activity
No Way Out
No data found. Appearance suggests... nothing good.
Nocular
None
None
None
None
None
North Plot
Not Enough Space
Not Signed In
Not enough Slots
Not overly aggressive, but painful to touch.
Nova Garon
Nova Garon
Nova Garon
Now Playing
Now Unlocked: New Journey+
Now that the yacht's been breached, it's time for Cal to acquire the senator's intel.
Null Chance
Null Chance Defeated
Num *
Num +
Num -
Num .
Num /
Num 0
Num 1
Num 2
Num 3
Num 4
Num 5
Num 6
Num 7
Num 8
Num 9
Num Lock
Nur
Nydak Alpha
OLD Enter Cere's Hideout
OLD Intercept Cere's Guide
OLD Meet Cere in the Archive
OLD Reach the Open Desert
OLD Search for the Guide at the Statue
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Objective Complete
Objective Complete
Objects thrown by Malicos can be pushed back at him.
Obligation
Observation Deck
Observatory
Observatory Sanctum
Observatory Understructure
Obsession
Obsession
Obtained Droid Upgrade
Obtained Stim Upgrade
Obtained Upgrade
Obtained Upgrade
Occultation
Off
Off
Offerings
Offerings
Offerings to Miktrull
Officer Cavoda
Officer Krane
Officer Krane
Officer's Linens
Officer's Quarters
Officers of the Imperial Security Bureau strive to uphold Imperial order throughout the galaxy, while also striving to advance their own careers. Ambitious and cunning, most officers will perform countless exacting duties for their supervisors, all the while seeking ways of supplanting them. They mostly employ clandestine methods, however, and would sooner avoid getting their own uniforms dirty.
Offshore
Often found in groups where they will try to overwhelm their target.
Oggdo
Oggdo Bogdo
Oggdo Bogdo
Oggdo Bogdo
Oggdo Bogdo Defeated
Oggdo Prime
Okay
Old Connections, New Paths
Old Memoirs
Old friends met here - the Jedi Eno Cordova and Wookiee Chieftain Tarfful. They shared a great respect for each other.
Older Jedi
Oleg
Ominous Effigy
On
On
On Bracca, an Abednedo scrap worker named Prauf befriends and mentors Cal. When an accident almost claims Prauf's life, Cal uses the Force to save him but recklessly reveals himself as a Jedi. Soon, Imperial Inquisitors arrive for Cal but Prauf gives his own life to save him, allowing Cal a chance to escape.
On Cordova's journey to Kashyyyk, he met with Chieftain Tarfful, who knew of an ancient artifact atop the Origin Tree. Cordova scaled the massive Origin Tree, where he discovered one of the last remaining Zeffo Astriums. With the Astrium he was able to access the Vault on Bogano and hide the holocron.
On the Trail
On the way up the Origin Tree, Cal and BD encountered the Shyyyo Bird. After saving himself from a deadly fall with Jedi Flip, Cal and BD rode the Shyyyo to the top. They discovered two things: Cordova found a Zeffo Astrium there years before, and a Zeffo tomb on Dathomir might hold another. Just as they were leaving, the Ninth Sister attacked! A fierce battle ensued, but Cal won by pushing the Ninth Sister off the tree. The grateful Shyyyo Bird gave Cal and BD a ride down. Now their hopes rest on finding an Astrium on Dathomir...
On their way out of the caves, Cal discovered a massive Imperial mining operation on Ilum - designed to extract the planet's kyber crystals. As Cal and BD fought their way back to the Mantis, Cere used Trilla's trick from Miktrull's Tomb to prevent the Empire from calling reinforcements. The Empire eventually reversed the slice, but it gave Cal and BD enough time to get back to the Mantis. Now, with his lightsaber reforged, Cal must return to Dathomir and face the dark side once again...
Once Cal and the crew get the yacht down, Gabs will slice it open.
Once a formidable Jedi General, Malicos escaped the horrific purge of Order 66. A trained motivator and cunning tactician, he maintains a composed demeanor during combat, but will strike with ferocity and deliberate precision. Full of surprises, he utilizes his mastery of the Force with an extended assault, or as a precursor to his lightsaber attack, including a combination of dual-blades.
Once the holocron was safely on board the Mantis, Cal made the decision to destroy it. Whatever future awaits the crew, the children inside will remain safe...
Onderon
Onderon Bolowood
One Journey Ends
One Last Victory
One Man's Junk
One Stop Shop
One arm of the Haxion Brood's underworld activity is the trade of illegal droid parts. Some of those parts, rather than being sold on, are funnelled into the construction of droids with as much zeal for the Brood as any organic. Heavily-built and programmed to be overconfident, they will often taunt their enemies even as the blaster bolts fly.
One of several tunnels routing beneath Pyloon's Saloon. Proximity to the landing pad would have made the passage ideal for smuggling goods in and out of the cantina, hidden from prying and curious eyes.
One of the Koboh locals told you about 'Qi's Workshop', an old shack up by the mountains that caused its owner misery. They believe, however, that there could be some good finds there too.
One of the Koboh prospectors tipped you off to an eccentric fisher, plying his trade at the base of the mountain. That's Imperial territory, so they would appreciate it you would check that he's safe.
One of the Rambler's Reach residents was effusive about an industrial elevator in Dredger Gorge that, she said, led to treasure.
One of the only species of rodent in the gorge, the Gurrmen is able to scurry into out of reach places through a network of crevices and fissures too small for anything else, earning them the nickname of 'the first treasure hunters' by the locals.
One of the prospectors spoke about a path in the Canyon that is hard to reach, but offers some of the best views on the planet. If you can make friends with the local wildlife, they might be able to provide a path.
One of the saloon's regular patrons - Zygg Soza - was last seen heading for the swamp. Whatever she's up to, it's possible she'll need assistance.
One of your save files is corrupted. A backup may be available to load.
One wyyyschokk can lay up to 1,000 eggs each year. With a combination of webbing, saliva and a unique secretion from lymphatic nodes under each leg, they create incredibly sturdy egg sacs that deter predators. When a young wyyyschokk is fully developed, they can spend as many as 5 days eating their way out of the shell, slowly wearing it down with their venom. They emerge ravenous, ready to attack any prey in sight. 
One-way
One-way Door
Only one Nekko may be stabled per stall.
Only the most dedicated of Bedlam Raiders are seen by Rayvis as worthy enough to be gifted with a lightsaber from his own collection. This warrior wields a single saber in conjunction with an armament of blasters and grenades, as well as a portable cloaking device, making them exceptionally lethal.
Oovo Adnan
Oovo Adnan Defeated
Opacity
Open
Open
Open Binoculars
Open Databank for more information.
Open Desert
Open Desert
Open Menu
Open Path
Open the Ancient Vault on Bogano
Open the Forest Gate
Opened Chest
Opened Chest
Opens the Holomap
Oppo Rancisis
Opportunistic, often surrounding prey when they are locked down.
Opportunity for counterattack during heavy attack recovery.
Opposites Attract
Oppression
Optimizing Game Files
Optimizing Game Files
Options
Options Button
Orange
Orange Silk
Orange-Red
Orb
Orb Amplifier
Orb Coupler
Order 66
Order 66
Order 66 Executed
Order Drink
Ordo Eris
Ordo Eris
Ordo Eris
Orichalc
Origin Lake
Origin Tree
Origin Tree
Original
Original
Osmiridium
Osmiridium
Osmiridium
Ostar
Other
Other
Other Bars
Other Characters
Other Characters
Other planets
Other stances are currently unavailable.
Out of Beacons
Out of Retirement
Outdated system vulnerable to hacking by updated droid units.
Outer Ruins
Outfit
Outfit
Outlander
Outlaw
Outpost Approach
Outpost residents will wearily attest to Turgle's elation at having found a particularly remarkable shell, and his subsequent despair at having lost it. This appears to be that shell, though it is by no means provable, nor worthy of further investigation.
Outrider
Outrider
Outrider Shirt
Outrider Vest
Outside Cere's Base
Over their adventure, Greez warms to his friends, revealing his affection for food and his great-grandmother. His piloting skills are put to the test, forcing Greez to become the hero he never thought he could be.
Overcharge
Overcharge
Overgrown Pass
Overhead Slash
Overlooking a natural vista, Jedi of old often frequented this spot to clear their minds and find calm within themselves.
Overwrite this game file?
PLAY
PR-85T may once have been a garden-variety bounty droid, but years of tinkering and upgrading have left him full of perilous surprises - at the cost of any traces of empathy he may have once had.
PR-85T the Other Half
PROCEED ANYWAY
Padawan
Padawan
Padawan Cal
Padded pants and tightly-cuffed boots place function above all.
Page Down
Page Down
Page Up
Page Up
Palm Fruit Shell
Pan
Panel
Pango Two-Teeth
Pango Two-Teeth Defeated
Pants
Para Fish
Para fish inhabit large bodies of water, feeding primarily on small algae fragments and other plants. When algae supply grows scarce, many fish die off. Their decomposition process raises the acidity of the water, gradually wearing away at the ground below and forming sinkholes.
Parries may not stop Ninth Sister's attacks until her block is broken.
Parries may not stop Trilla's attacks until her block is broken.
Parries may not stop Trilla's attacks until her block is broken.
Parries may not stop the Second Sister's attacks until her block is broken.
Parry
Parry
Parry / Block
Parry / Block / Illuminate (Hold)
Parry Block Meter Damage
Parry Challenge Complete!
Parry Push
Parry Timing
Parry Timing
Parry Timing is shorter but Cal deals more stamina damage to enemies when he parries.
Parry Trilla's dash to inflict significant block damage.
Parry Window| @ 
Parry its lunge attack to quickly strike it down.
Parry the Electrostaff until block meter is depleted
Parry the Scout Trooper 3x
Parry, Block, Evade and Attack.
Parry, Block, Evade and Attack.
Parrying their baton attacks will leave them vulnerable.
Parrying their relentless melee strikes will weaken the arms and make them vulnerable to dismemberment.
Part of Cordova's kit. He was troubled about the Jedi's continued involvement in a seemingly endless war. He knew his work here was more important.
Partisan
Partisan
Partisan Retreat
Partisan Woman 6
Partisans Ambushed
Party
Passing through barriers resets Force Dash and Jedi Flip
Passion and Strength
Passion and Strength II
Passion and Strength II
Passive Ping
Passively regain ammunition over time.
Past Signs of Life
Path Obstruction
Path of Conviction
Path of Persistence
Path of Restoration
Pathfinder
Pathfinder Helmet
Patience
Patience
Patience
Patience is key; many of their weapons can be turned against them, and they cannot fly forever.
Patient Jedi
Patrol station
Pause
Pause
Pause
Payne
Peace and Justice
Peace and Justice II
Peace and Justice II
Pearl
Penitent Chambers
Percent
Perfected Stim Formula
Perfected Stim Formula
Perform 3 perfect evades.
Perform 3 standard evades.
Perform Split Saber Force attacks. Requires Force.
Perform Split Saber attack. Requires Force
Perform a spinning strike on releasing {SpecialAttack}.
Perform special Force Attacks
Performance
Performance
Performance Mode
Performance prioritizes 60fps at the expense of resolution.
Performing a Force Attack from the air has a much larger effect when hitting the ground.
Perihelion
Perk
Perk Acquired
Perk Effect
Perk Slot
Perk Slots
Perk Slots in Use
Perks
Perks
Perks Discovered
Perks can be viewed at any time in the Perks section of the Abilities menu.| @ Currently equipped Perks can be managed at Meditation Points.
Perks can only be equipped at Meditation Points
Perplexity
Persistence
Persistence
Perspective
Petite Goatee (temp)
Phillak
Phillak hooves adapted to keep them steady in mountain passes, making them resistant to the push and pull of Zeffo's high winds.
Phillaks are masterful climbers able to move with ease on mountain paths. Solitary by nature they leave their mother's side early to find their own territory. The horns on their heads are their greatest weapon; when two phillaks clash the sound thunders across the mountains. As they age, their horns steadily grow adding a new ring for each year of their lives.
Phon'Qi Caverns
Phon'Qi Caverns
Phon'Qi's Caverns
Photo Mode
Photoreceptors
Photosensitive Seizure Warning
Photosensitive seizure warning
Pilgrim
Pilgrim
Pilgrim
Pilgrim's Hall
Pilgrim's Path
Pilgrim's Path
Pilgrim's Path
Pilgrim's Sanctuary
Pilgrim's Sanctuary
Pilgrimage
Pilgrims discuss why they made the long journey to Jedha.
Pilgrims give their perspective on the cults of Jedha.
Pilgrims on Jedha talk about rumors of Jedha.
Pilgrims, Attacked
Pilgrims, Lost
Pilgrims, Saved
Pili
Pili
Pili Walde
Pili Walde
Pili Walde has taken up residence in the saloon's garden, located on its roof. Check in and see how she's doing.
Pili the Gardener has now been recruited to the Rooftop Garden at Pyloon's Saloon.
Pilot
Pilot
Piloting through the very heart of the Koboh Abyss, Greez at last rediscovered his lost confidence, deftly maneuvering through the debris of starship wreckage. However, around them the path began to fray and collapse, as the arrays on Koboh began to fail.| @ | @ Hearing the voice of Cere in his mind, Cal drew upon the lessons of his former mentor to guide his hand, trusting in the Force and pulling the hyperdrive controls, launching the Mantis into a blind jump.| @ | @ The Mantis skips through hyperspace and, after a tense moment, emerges on approach to a beautiful blue-green world: Tanalorr...
Pine Fern
Pit Droid
Pit Droid Tech
Pitted Alloy
Pitted Chromium
Place Beacon
Place Beacon
Place Beacon/Interact
Place Spotlight
Place a Beacon on the Trontoshell
Placement
Planet Map
Planet hopping requires a fully downloaded game. Please wait for your download to finish then try again.
Planet travel is temporarily disabled, progress the story for it to be re-enabled.
Planetary Information
Plant Seed
Plant seeds in Pili's Garden above Pyloon Saloon on Koboh.| @ | @ Found by cutting plants.
Plant seeds that you find in the Rooftop Garden at Pyloon's Saloon on Koboh to grow all sorts of wonderful flora
Planting Seeds
Plants
Plants come in different sizes, with larger ones requiring more space to grow
Plastoid Black
Plastoid Blue
Plastoid Gray
Plastoid Red
Plastoid White
Plateau
Platform
Platform Assist
Platforming Assist
Play Audio
Play Audio
Play Audio Ping Examples in order: | @ Passive Hint, Passive Interactable, Passive Success, Sonar
Play Track
Play a Holotactics Game
Play the tutorial gauntlet to get familiar with the controls
Player
Player Arrow
Player Death
Player Location
Player Location
Players who are familiar with melee action games and desire a challenge.
Players who are new to melee action games and desire a forgiving combat challenge.
Players who want an adventure with reasonably challenging combat.
Players who want an adventure with some combat challenge.
Players who want an intense and demanding combat experience.
Players who want to focus more on the story and desire a minimal combat challenge.
Please wait until this process is complete.
Plunging Slam
Point Blank
Poisoned Wookiee
Poldark
Polish
Polish
Polished Bronzium
Polished Iron
Polly
Pommel
Pommel
Poncho
Poncho
Portuguese (Brazil)
Post Processing
Potions
Power
Power Generator
Power Lift
Power Slam
Power Struggle
Power Throw
Power and Control
Power and Control II
Power and Control II
Powered Zipline
Powerful kyber crystals grow naturally on Ilum, one of the rare planets in the galaxy where they may be found. Such crystals resonate with concentrated energy in a unique manner through the Force, exhibiting a "collective consciousness," that allows them to communicate with one another and living beings. As part of Jedi training, Younglings were sent to the Crystal Caves of Ilum to mine these crystals in order to construct their own lightsabers. 
Powerful limbs cannot be severed.
Practical trousers with pleated knees and standard boots.
Practical wear synonymous with the Jedi Order, bound by hardy fabric and tradition.
Prauf
Prauf
Prayer Wheel
Precision
Precision Evade
Precision Evade
Precision Evasion Challenge Complete!
Precision Release
Presets of color settings for HUD elements.
Press
Press 4x
Press the {UI_OpenMenu} to access the Journey screen where you can track your current objective and recent discoveries.
Press to cycle through tips
Press to perform an overhead attack to a target below
Press to tame beasts and acquire valuable allies.
Press {BDGun_Fire} to fire an Electro Dart
Press {BDGun_Right} to swap to Electro Darts
Press {BinocularsPlaceBeacon} to place a Beacon on the Trontoshell
Press {CallMount} to Mind Trick characters with an indicator over their head
Press {CallMount} when outside mounting range to call the mount to you.
Press {DiveDownward} to dive, {DiveUpward} to ascend, and {SwimBoost} to boost
Press {DroidConfirm} to activate. Hold {BDGun_Aim} to aim. Press {BDGun_Fire} to spray a path of Koboh Matter onto Koboh Tuner Beams to burn away obstacles blocking Cal's Path
Press {DroidConfirm} to activate. Press {BDGun_Right} to swap to Electro Darts. Hold {BDGun_Aim} to aim. Press {BDGun_Fire} to fire an Electro Dart at exposed electronics
Press {DroidConfirm} to enter BD Visor
Press {DroidConfirm} to exit BD-1 Mode
Press {DroidConfirm} to slice and control damaged B2 Droids
Press {DroidConfirm} to slice and control damaged DT Sentry Droids
Press {DroidConfirm} to slice and control damaged Droidekas
Press {DroidConfirm} to slice and control damaged Hybrid BX Droids
Press {DroidConfirm} to slice and control damaged KX Series Security Droids
Press {DroidConfirm} to slice and control damaged MagnaGuard Droids
Press {DroidConfirm} to slice and control damaged Melee BX Droids
Press {Evade} right before an enemy hits to dodge in place and recover a small amount of Force.
Press {Evade} to Dash through green laser gates
Press {Evade} to quickly recover after being knocked down.
Press {Evade} while in mid-air to Dash. 
Press {ForceFocus} to have companions assist Cal in navigating environments
Press {ForcePull} and {ForcePush} to wrench groups of nearby enemies closer.
Press {ForcePush} and {SpecialAttack} to Push a wide area, causing multiple enemies to stagger.
Press {ForcePush} right before an enemy attacks to send them flying.
Press {ForcePush} to push Missiles and Grenades back at enemies.
Press {Grab} to Grapple to attach point when within range
Press {Grab} to grapple to certain | @ points in the world
Press {Jump} to jump
Press {Jump} to jump.
Press {Jump} while in the air to Jedi Flip
Press {LightsaberSwitch_Right} to switch Lightsaber Stances
Press {LightsaberSwitch_Right} to switch lightsaber stances
Press {LightsaberSwitch_Right} to switch to Dual Stance.
Press {MeleeAttack} to perform a follow-up attack
Press {MeleeAttack} to stomp.
Press {Parry} just before a blaster bolt hits to reflect it back.
Press {Parry} just before an enemy's attack hits to parry
Press {Parry} just before contact to reflect up to two blaster projectiles in a row.
Press {Parry} right before a blaster bolt hits to split the incoming bolt and reflect at an additional target.
Press {Parry} right before a bolt makes contact to send back a charged bolt that hits the target and nearby enemies.
Press {SpecialAttack} again to perform a second lightsaber throw around Cal.
Press {SpecialAttack} just before an enemy hits to blast them away.
Press {SpecialAttack} to fire your pistol when Blaster Stance is equipped
Press {SpecialAttack} to slam both Pulled objects into each other
Press {SpecialAttack} while airborne to slam down, dealing damage in an area.
Press {SpecialAttack} while airborne to slam down, dealing damage in an area.
Press {SpecialAttack} while airborne to slam into the ground, causing a shockwave.
Press {SpecialAttack} while in the air to attack straight down at a target below.
Press {Start} to cancel training
Press {Super_Keyboard} to activate Slow and slow all enemies around Cal for a brief period. 
Press {Super_Keyboard} to create a protective barrier around Cere
Press {Super_Keyboard} to create a protective barrier around Cere
Press {Super_Keyboard} to slow all surrounding enemies
Press {Super_Keyboard} to slow enemies around Cal
Press {ToggleMap} to open the Holomap, which displays the {MainObjective} Main Objective and other important landmarks.
Press {UI_Navigate_DPad_Right} switch to Blaster Stance
Press {UI_TertiaryConfirm} to preview different stances on the workbench at any time.
Pressured for Relics
Prev
Preview
Preview
Previous
Previous Section
Previous Tab
Previously Completed
Primary
Priorite Shard
Priorite Shards
Prison Block
Pristine
Pristine
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Private Doubts
Prized Merchandise
Probe Droid
Producer
Producers
Production
Profile Changed
Progress
Progress
Progress further to unlock this skill
Project Auger
Project Auger
Project Auger Officer
Promising their followers power and mastery over the Life Wind, Kujet staged a massacre from their hidden seat on Dathomir, later known as the Tomb of Kujet.
Prospecting Network
Prospecting Tunnels
Prospector
Prospector
Prospector Remains
Prospector's Folly
Prospector's Folly
Prospector's Folly
Prospector's Folly
Prospector's Folly is so named for the many who have met their end attempting to tame its peaks. It rises like a threat - or a challenge - to any bold or foolish enough to ascend. There are rumors of a facility dating back to the High Republic, hidden somewhere among the rocks, but none have ever returned to confirm such tales. Sightings of Imperial forces in the foothills have also deterred any further exploration.
Prospectors have been having nightmares about Phon'Qi Caverns - a network of tunnels near the mountain, beneath a shack built to store the fortunes found inside.
Prospectors on Koboh constructed lattice-like series of rafters and buildings, all intricately - and perilously - connecting their network of dig sites. They appear to outsiders to grow from the very rocks.
Prospectors on Koboh were interested in the fastest - and easiest - ways of getting paid. Requests to investigate mysterious and seemingly impossible-to-enter monoliths, therefore, were met with swift denials.
Protanope
Protanopia
Public Address System
Pull
Pull
Pull
Pull Gorgara into the ground during highlighted moments to stun her.
Pull a Probe Droid to slice
Pull all surrounding enemies towards Cal
Pull objects and enemies with the Force
Purchase
Purchase Item?
Purchase a Skill from the Skill Menu
Purchased
Purge Trooper
Purge Trooper Commander
Purge Troopers search the base following the takeover, under strict instructions to surveil the area and find the Jedi, if he remains.
Purge troopers are the dark disciples of the Inquisitorius program, answering only to Inquisitors themselves. Tasked with hunting down and destroying any remnants of the Jedi Order - traitors, as they see it, to the Empire - they are given elite training in advanced weaponry such as the electrohammer. | @ | @ Slow but powerful, an electrohammer is capable of releasing a powerful, paralyzing shockwave. Purge troopers who wield such heavy weapons are equipped in equally heavy armor, capable of resisting even lightsaber attacks.
Purity
Purity grants a massive increase in weapon damage for both friends and foes.| @ | @ Warrior replaces standard enemies with new, more difficult combat encounters.| @ | @ Trendsetter randomizes your cosmetics on death.
Purple
Purpose
Pursue Bode
Pursue Bode
Pursue Rayvis
Pursue the Senator's Yacht
Push
Push
Push
Push Enemies
Push away all surrounding enemies
Push can be used to destroy cracked walls and move stray objects.
Push can be used to destroy cracked walls.
Push enemies away with the Force
Push objects and enemies with the Force
Push objects into enemies for massive damage.
Push the ball toward the target
Puzzle
Puzzle Hint
Puzzle Interactable
Pyloon's Has Changed
Pyloon's Saloon
Pyloon's Saloon
Pyloon's Saloon
Pyloon's Saloon
Pyloon's Saloon has a fully-functioning aquarium, accessed from its upper level. Such a large tank is worth investigating.
Pyre
QA Director
QA Lead
QA Manager
QA Tester
Quality
Quality
Quality
Quality Analysts
Quality Assurance
Quality Verification
Quality prioritizes resolution over framerate.
Quality: Highest resolution output with raytracing enabled, targeting 30 FPS| @ Performance: lower resolution output with raytracing disabled, targeting 60 FPS
Quality: Highest resolution output with raytracing enabled, targeting 30 FPS| @ Performance: lower resolution output with raytracing disabled, targeting 60 FPS| @ Balanced: higher resolution output with raytracing enabled, targeting 40 FPS (only supported on 120hz displays)
Quest
Questionable Use
Quick Draw
Quickdraw
Quit
Quit Gardening
Quit to Desktop
Quit to Title Screen
R Alt
R Cmd
R Ctrl
R Shift
R1
R2
R2-V5
R3
RANGED
REAWAKEN
RECENT
RESET
RESET ACCESSIBILITY SETTINGS TO DEFAULTS
RESET AUDIO SETTINGS TO DEFAULTS
RESET CONTROLS SETTINGS TO DEFAULTS
RESET GAMEPLAY SETTINGS TO DEFAULTS
RESET VISUAL SETTINGS TO DEFAULTS
RESPAWN
REVISIT WATERS
RSKF-44
RZ-12 - 'Raz' - began their career as a bunker buster for a small insurgent cell on Ruusan, but when the coffers ran empty, Raz betrayed and collected bounties on several of their companions. Sorc Tormo used this as leverage to pull Raz into his employ.
Rabid Jotaz
Racer
Racist Trooper
Radial Push
Radial Push
Radiant Expanse
Radio Call
Raider Depot
Raider Grunt
Raider Grunts prowl Koboh, flexing their might against those they deem 'trespassers.' Armed with an electrostaff, they strike with long-range blows that can be difficult to block. Though lacking in endurance, they are nevertheless a greater threat than their droid underlings.
Raider Veteran
Rainforest
Raise the Spire of Miktrull
Raje
Rambler's Reach
Rambler's Reach
Rambler's Reach
Rambler's Reach Outpost
Rambler's Reach Outpost
Rambler's Reach Outpost
Rambler's Reach Outpost
Rambling Mesas
Rambling Ridge
Rampage
Rancor
Rancor
Rancor Defeated
Rancor Prey
Rancors inhabit the dark places of the galaxy, often at the whim of the dark-hearted. Towering, bloodthirsty beasts, rancors are generally best avoided. But, if there is no other choice but to fight, warriors must beware crushing limbs, ravenous mouth, and near-impenetrable hides.
Randomized Cosmetics
Rane
Range
Range
Rapid strikes and/or unconventional attacks will enrage and confuse the creature.
Rapid strikes and/or unconventional attacks will enrage and confuse the creature.
Rare
Rare Minerals
Rare minerals for Doma
Rawka
Rawka are aggressive, belligerent creatures - never more so than when defending their nests. This forest variant incubates their eggs for a dozen Koboh moon cycles, and each member defends the clutch as if it was their own. This generation of eggs, however, did not survive the planet's harsh realities.
Ray Tracing
Rayvis
Rayvis
Rayvis
Rayvis
Rayvis Defeated
Rayvis demanded the abandoned halls of the moon station be thoroughly exhumed, even if the Raiders themselves did not understand why.
Rayvis is resilient, he does not fear lightsaber strikes - retaliate with caution and restraint.
Rayvis looks out over the Swamp at the Lucrehulk beyond, his curiosity piqued, and a plan beginning to form.
Rayvis ordered the Raiders to occupy the cave network. He believed, through instinct if nothing else, that the place held some information as to his missing master's whereabouts.
Rayvis prowls every hidden nook of the Array, assessing its remaining viability and latent potential.
Rayvis saw fit to reward the finest and most loyal of Bedlam Raider warriors with their very own lightsabers - totems the Gen'Dai had taken from Jedi quarry in ages past. This lieutenant, armed with a double-bladed saber, also employs a wrist-mounted grappling hook to both traverse the battlefield and attack opponents.
Rayvis tells Cal how he came to be captured and imprisoned by the Jedi, hundreds of years ago. The memory is a bitter one, as the Gen'Dai code dictates honor from battle, and an oath of service if defeated. Although Cal attempts to convince Rayvis to join his cause, Rayvis is tired of servitude - he demands a warrior's death and receives it.
Rayvis' Search
Rayvis, loyal lieutenant of Dagan, scours Koboh in search of his missing master. Any Jedi he encounters are potential informants, and inevitable victims.
Raz
Reach Pilgrim's Sanctuary
Reach Pilgrim's Sanctuary
Reach a Meditation Point
Reach the Crumbled Ruins
Reach the Forest Array
Reach the Hangar
Reach the Vault
Reach the Vault
Reach the spamels
Reaching Cleave
Reaching his breaking point at last, Cal was briefly overcome by the dark side of the Force, breaking through the Imperial garrison to chase down Bode. He was unable, however, to stop him before he escaped, and so instead turned his anger on Denvik. Witnessing Cal use dark powers, Merrin convinced him to step back from the path.| @ | @ After returning to the Mantis, the mood was bleak. All seemed lost, until BD-1 played back the holorecording, recovered from Bode's quarters. In it, Santari Khri told Dagan that should the final compass - the one she hid for him specifically - be lost as well, then she had provided one final way to reach Tanalorr...
Realization
Rebel Blue
Rebel Cornflower Blue
Rebel Hero
Rebel Hero
Rebel Orange
Rebel Paint
Rebel Red
Rebel Yellow
Rebuilding the Jedi Order
Recent
Recent
Recent Activity
Recent Conversations
Recent Path
Recenter
Recharge Slow by engaging in Combat
Recommended
Recon
Recover a small amount of Force when successfully performing a Jedi Evade
Recover additional Life when using a stim canister from BD-1.
Recover additional Life when using a stim canister from BD-1.
Recruit a botanist on Jedha for more information.
Recruit for the Outpost
Recruit the Mysterious Fisherman
Recruited
Recuperation
Red
Red Kindie
Red Kindie Defeated
Red Silk
Red and Party Lightsaber blades are now available
Red attacks cannot be blocked and must be evaded with {Evade}
Redbrow
Redirected Strength
Reduces amount of time needed to successfully Beast Tame a target.
Reduces amount of time needed to tame beasts
Reduces focus attack charge-up time.
Reduces time required to fully charge a blaster shot.
Reduces time required to heal with a BD-1 stim.
Reena
Reena Defeated
Refinery Cells
Refinery Expansion
Reflect
Reflect / Deflect
Reflect/Deflect Challenge Complete!
Reforged
Regain additional Force when defeating an enemy.
Regenerate a small amount of Force Meter over time, but maximum Force Meter is reduced.
Regional Information
Regulation shirt of the Bracca-based Scrapper Guild. Adorned with the Guild insignia on the left shoulder.
Rehabilitation Wing
Related Entries
Related Entries
Relatively rich in natural minerals and of some archeological interest, Koboh has attracted a steady trickle of prospectors in the last several decades. Not all of them stuck around, or survived, but those that do live a thrifty life, ever-searching for enough scratch to survive. 
Relax
Relaxed pants with standard boots.
Relaxed pants with strapped boots.
Release
Release controls for docked imperial fighters is granted by operational control. However, they can also be released via manual override console, situated next to the clamp mechanism. Such controls require specific clearance codes.
Release {Grab} to launch from the perch
Release {SpecialAttack} right as an enemy hits to perform an even more devastating follow-up attack and stagger nearby enemies.
Relentless, able to leap, and highly aggressive against their targets.
Relics
Relter Dive
Relter Egg
Relter Nest
Relter Tame
Remains of a camp. A Jedi Master was concerned for a Youngling that was missing in the caves.
Remains of an ancient artifact, constructed as an offering to the wind, but destroyed intentionally for some reason.
Remnants of B1 battle droids who stormed Kashyyyk for the Separatists during the Clone Wars. During the battle the Separatists were defeated, the Republic became the Empire, and the Clone Wars came to a bitter end.
Remnants of a Lost Civilization
Remove All Beacons
Remove Beacon
Remove Spotlight
Remove Unit
Rendered inoperable by time or sabotage, the proximity of these consoles to the innermost laboratory nevertheless guarantees that whatever information they held was likely of the most sensitive nature.
Rendezvous with Bravo and Bode
Rendezvous with Cere's Contact
Rending Strike
Renovation Site 4733
Repeated Button Press Sequences
Repeated Button Press Sequences
Repeated Button Press Sequences
Replace with Hold
Replaces standard enemies with new, more difficult combat encounters.
Replaces the default {ToggleMap} button with custom shortcuts.
Replaces the default {ToggleMap} button with custom shortcuts.
Replenish ammo by hitting enemies with your saber while in Blaster Stance
Replete with shearling cuffs and collar, to resist inhospitable climes and unauthorized activities.
Reprogrammed MagnaGuard
Republic
Republic Captain
Republic Control Room
Republic Jedi
Republic Lifter Droid
Republic Research Laboratory
Republic Tuner Device
Repulse
Repulsing Burst
Repulsing Burst
Request a hint from BD-1 while in a puzzle space
Rescue
Rescue Zee from the Lucrehulk
Rescue Zee from the Lucrehulk
Rescue Zee from the Lucrehulk
Research Camp
Research Notes
Research Tanalorr
Research Tanalorr
Research Tanalorr
Research Tanalorr on Koboh
Research Tanalorr on Koboh via the Stone Spires
Research Tanalorr on the Shattered Moon
Reset
Reset
Reset
Reset All Colors To Default
Reset All Skills
Reset Plot
Reset Rotation
Reset Selected Color
Reset {PlotName}
Resilience
Resilience
Resistant to laceration, including lightsaber.
Resists anything but physical attacks by digging to escape.
Resolution
Respawn Entertainment
Respected Symbol
Rest
Rest
Rest
Rest in the Basement
Rest to restore Life and Force. Resting is not required to save your progress.
Resting
Resting Place
Resting at a Meditation Point will restore Cal's Health and Force, as well as respawning all enemies
Resting restores Life & Force, but respawns all Enemies
Resting will respawn enemies. 
Restore
Restoring previous resolution in
Restraints
Resume
Retired Control Tower
Retrieve Contact Codes from Archive
Retrieve an Astrium from the Tomb of Kujet
Return
Return
Return To Title
Return to Dathomir and Retrieve an Astrium from the Tomb of Kujet
Return to the Mantis
Return to the Mantis
Return to the Mantis
Return to the enemy who defeated you and damage them to reclaim lost XP and refill your Life and Force to the maximum. Otherwise that XP is lost forever.
Reunion
Reunite with your Crew at the Yacht
Reunited
Revenge Target
Reviktor
Reviktor Defeated
Reward
Rick the Door Technician 
Ricochet
Ricochet
Ricochet Shot Target Increase
Rift Passage
Rigger Crew
Right
Right 2
Right Bumper
Right Stick
Right Stick Press
Right Trigger
Rimgrod
Rising Storm
Risk and Research
Risky Business
Rite of Passage
Rituals
River
River of Origin
Riverbed Watch
Robes that carry the weight of a fallen era, and a survivor's grief.
Rocket Fire
Rocket Launcher Trooper
Rocket launcher troopers form the bulk of the Empire's anti-armor infantry, deployed to quell armed insurgencies and demonstrate Imperial might. Their RPS-6 smart rocket launchers fire long-range seeker missiles that are highly destructive and seldom miss. The weapon, though powerful, is loaded with only one rocket at a time, and so must be carefully reloaded after every discharge.
Roll
Roller Mine
Rolling Thunder
Rooftop Garden Unlocked
Rooftops
Rooftops
Rope
Rope
Rotate
Rotate
Rotate • Zoom
Rover
Royal Fluzz
Rubber wrappings in many colors, with a harder bumped surface for greater tactility. 
Rugged
Rugged pants with cuffed high boots and knee-guards
Rugged pants with high boots and knee-guards
Ruined Bridge
Ruins
Ruins Landing Site
Ruins of Ranvell
Rumble Droid
Rumbler's Bluff
Rumor
Rumor
Rumor Completed
Rumor Details
Rumor Details
Rumor Discovered
Rumor:
Rumor:
Rumors
Rumors
Run and jump toward ridged walls to Wall Run.
Run for your life.
Run on ridged walls to reach new areas.
Rurik
Russian
Ryloth
SCAN
SFX
SHOW
STAR WARS Jedi: Survivor™
STAR WARS Jedi: Survivor™
STAR WARS Jedi: Survivor™ needs to compile certain game files to optimize performance for your PC.| @ | @ Please wait until this one-time process is complete.
STAR WARS Jedi: Survivor™ needs to compile certain game files to optimize performance for your PC.| @ | @ Please wait until this process is complete.
STAR WARS © & TM 2023 Lucasfilm Ltd. All rights reserved. Game code and certain audio and/or visual material © 2023 Electronic Arts Inc.
STOP PLAYING
SUBLIME RAID II
Saava
Saber
Saber
Saber Spin
Sacred Shadowlands
Sacred Tree
Sacrifice
Safely aboard the Mantis and away from Coruscant, Cal transmitted the intel to Saw Gerrera and began a ship-wide diagnostic. As Cal reflected over the loss of his friends, BD played footage of the Mantis crew during happier times, in an attempt to comfort him. When the recording finished, the diagnostics report revealed a faulty gyro module.| @ | @ Realizing only Greez Dritus would know how to fix the Mantis, Cal plots a course for the Latero's new home of Koboh...
Saga
Sage Eilram
Sage Eilram
Sage Kujet
Sage Kujet's Rule
Sage Miktrull
Sage Miktrull
Sage training
Sage, Vault and Tomb
Sakavi Tar
Saleucami Sling
Same Story, Different Planet
Sample Blue Bantha description.
Sample Blurrgfire description.
Sample Carbon Freeze description.
Sample Hyperdrive description
Sample Slippery Monk description.
San Dersen
San Dersen
Sanctuary Revived
Sanctuary Temple
Sandblasted Vestiges
Santari Khri
Santari Khri
Santari Khri
Santari Khri
Santari Khri hid the last compass in the Koboh observatory. Cal's quest for the compass is nearly at its end, but Dagan awaits.
Santari Khri hid the last compass in the Koboh observatory. Cal's quest for the compass is nearly at its end, but Dagan awaits.
Santari Khri hid the last compass in the Koboh observatory. Cal's quest for the compass is nearly at its end, but Dagan awaits.
Santari Khri's Abyss Experiments
Santari's final message to Dagan Gera offers him a choice when he wakes - to find her, or to continue his obsessive pursuit of Tanalorr.
Sap Barrels
Saturation
Savannah
Save Camera Position
Save File Corrupted
Save this resolution?
Saw Gerrera
Saw Gerrera
Saw Gerrera
Saw Gerrera
Saw and Mari were arguing about the mission. Mari wanted to help the Wookiees but Saw seemed to think it was too risky. He's probably long gone by now.
Saw's Ambush
Scan
Scan Enemy
Scan enemies you encounter on your journey to use them in Holotactics battles.
Scan enemies you encounter on your journey to use them in Holotactics battles.
Scanning Enemy...
Scavenged and stolen Clone Trooper armor is popular with outlaws and gangs galaxy-wide, although it only comes in one size.
Scavenger
Scavenger Droid
Scazz
Scazz are most commonly found in the shade or dark areas where they can maintain cooler body temperatures. Due to poor vision, they are especially vulnerable in bright light. They are most dangerous in packs, often biting and locking their jaws onto prey, providing an opportunity for the others to strike.
Science Never Rests
Scientific Frisson
Scientist
Scientist
Scomp Link
Scomp Link must be repaired to operate this device
Scorch Marks
Scoundrel
Scout Trooper
Scout Trooper Baton
Scout Trooper Commander
Scout the Lucrehulk Interior
Scout trooper commanders can be found all along the Imperial front lines, giving orders to their squad from the heart of battle. Armed with electrified riot batons, they have received additional training in both military tactics and close-quarter combat, making them far more dangerous opponents than their subordinates. 
Scrapper
Scrapper
Scrapper
Scrapper
Scrapping is the most profitable industry on Bracca. During the Clone Wars the planet's facilities were optimized to break down enormous flagships. Now, it continues to be a center for the disposal of starships despite Imperial ire with the Scrapper Guild.
Scrapyard
Scrapyard
Scratchy writing on a wall, written in a hasty and easily-translated childish cipher:| @ | @ "Meet at the usual place later?"
Screen Safe Zone
Script/Level Design
Scroll
Scroll Lock
Scroobius
Search
Search Zeffo for Ancient Tombs
Search for Compass on Koboh
Sebb Eshan
Sebb Eshan
Secluded Sanctuary
Second Sister
Second Sister Defeated
Secondary
Secondary
Secondary Next
Secondary Previous
Secret
Secret
Secret Discovered
Secrets Underground
Secrets of the Vault
Sectioned wings of the Fortress are designed for maximum security and stability in extreme undersea conditions. A complex system of partitions provides the ability to flood an entire wing or specific sector in response to any escape attempt by a high-value detainee. Structurally reinforced shielding is able to withstand an external breach or change in pressure at any depth. 
Secure Imperial Intel
Security Droid
Security Droid
Security Droid
Security Droid - Baton
Security Droid Defeated
Security Droid Enforcer
Security Systems
Security Systems
Security protocols dictate multiple, closed-network backup servers in case of unexpected power loss or enemy incursion.
See Fish
See all Perks
See all abilities
See all stances
Seed
Seed Discovered
Seed Pod
Seed Pods
Seed Pods for Pili
Seeds
Seeds
Seeds Discovered
Seeds can be planted in the Cantina's garden back at the Outpost on Koboh
Seeds may be planted at a garden, if one can be found.
Seek out vendors who will trade these treasures for unique rewards.
Seek the Eye of the Storm
Seeking Power
Sejan's Yacht
Select
Select An Opponent
Select Perk
Select Plot
Select Seed
Select the opponent you'd like to challenge. | @ | @ Best each opponent to unlock unique rewards.
Select the opponent you'd like to challenge. | @ | @ Defeat each opponent to unlock unique rewards.
Selected golds, bronzes and coppers that bring warmth and opulence. Favored by nobility.
Selection
Selector
Selfin Jook
Senator Daho Sejan
Senator Sejan
Senator Sejan Keepsake
Senator's Yacht
Senator's Yacht
Senior Animator
Senior Animators
Senior Character Artist
Senior Character Artists
Senior Cinematic Designer
Senior Combat Designer
Senior Combat/Systems Designer
Senior Concept Artist
Senior Concept Artists
Senior Environment Artist
Senior Environment Artists
Senior Game Designer
Senior Game Designers
Senior Hard Surface Artist
Senior Hard Surface Artists
Senior Level Designer
Senior Level Designers
Senior Lighting Artist
Senior Narrative Designer
Senior Narrative Designers
Senior Producer 
Senior Producers
Senior QA Tester
Senior Quality Analyst
Senior Quality Analysts
Senior Software Engineer
Senior Software Engineers
Senior Sound Designer
Senior Technical Animator
Senior Technical Animators
Senior Technical Artist
Senior Technical Designer
Senior Technical Designers
Senior VFX Artist
Senior Visual Designer
Sense Echo
Separated
Sepulcher Pass
Serape
Serenity
Serpent's Bite
Service Droid
Set Audio Output
Sets the visibility of the HUD element
Settings
Setup
Sever the tongue with a combination of the Force and lightsaber attacks
Sever the tongue with a combination of the Force and lightsaber attacks.
Several boiled leathers in various colors and from various beasts, for a firm but luxurious feel.
Several iron wrappings, finished with variant mattes or burnishings, often favored by industrialists.
Several natural, earthy tones, selected with the dense, harmonious forests of Kashyyyk in mind.
Several natural, earthy tones, selected with the dense, harmonious forests of Kashyyyk in mind.
Several paints inspired by the climes of the Pilgrim Moon. Muted, but with a quiet strength and respect.
Several paints inspired by the climes of the Pilgrim Moon. Muted, but with a quiet strength and respect.
Several planetary gales converge at the location of this chamber semi-frequently. Whether the chamber was constructed before or after this weather anomaly remains a mystery.
Several stormtroopers fall victim to Cal as he rampages through the base as he chases Bode.
Several unhardened plastoids in definitive, bold shades of blue, white, and red.
Severing a limb will not stop it - it will become more aggressive and unpredictable!
Shadow Quality
Shadow of the Master
Shadowlands
Shadows
Shag
Share Research with Cordova
Sharp
Sharpen the Abilities of a Jedi
Shatter
Shatter Tunnel
Shattered Lake
Shattered Moon
Shattered Moon
Shattered Moon
Shattered Moon
Shattered Moonslide
Shaven
Shaven
Shawna
Sheathe
Sheathe
Shell provides moderate defense, but can be removed with the Force.
Shelter from the Stars
Shelter from the raging gales must be taken wherever it can.
Shelter of Last Resort
Sheltered Campfire
Sheltered Hollow
Shield Trooper
Shield troopers are deployed wherever the Empire needs to put down insurrections. They are armed with batons and heavy shields, and there are few insurgents who can penetrate their defenses, or stand against their brutal strikes.
Shielded, heavy long-range, rapid-fire weapon capable of sustaining numerous hits.
Shift Controls
Shipbreaking Yard
Shirt
Shiverpede
Shiverpede Nest
Shiverpedes - known amongst Koboh locals as 'springers' - have learned to adapt to their surroundings out of necessity. Hidden among the terrain, they wait until a hapless prey passes too close. Then, they strike, surprising and - hopefully - slicing the unsuspecting prey with their sharp claws and vicious teeth.
Shiverpedes hunt in small packs, but nest en masse, performing intricate mating rituals that, shudderingly, involve their sharpened forceps.
Shock commandos use their upgraded deployable shields - capable of deflecting blaster fire - not only to defend themselves, but to aggressively charge forward and batter their targets. The shield is also capable of delivering an overcharged burst of energy, which brings all but the strongest foes to their knees.
Shooting targets temporarily increases lightsaber damage.
Shop
Shop Owner
Short Beard
Short Goatee
Short-Tailed Gurrmen
Shortcut
Shortcut
Shortcut (Not Activated)
Shortcut Bottom
Shortcut Controls
Shortcut Left
Shortcut Right
Shortcut Top
Shortcut Unlocked
Shortened
Shortpaw's Dance
Show
Show Ability
Show Bounty
Show Controls
Show Customization
Show Databank Entry
Show Inventory
Show Research to Cordova on Jedha
Show Rumor
Show Tactical Guide Entry
Show on Holomap
Show on Holomap
Show {noun} in map
Showdown
Shown
Shrine Exterior
Shrouded in Darkness
Shrouded in secrecy, the Hidden Path provides safe passage and new identities to those persecuted by the Empire, including Force-sensitives and political targets. Various safe houses connect the Path, and communication is limited to those possessing ever-changing contact codes.
Shyyyo
Shyyyo Bird
Shyyyo Bird
Shyyyo birds are so rarely seen that they were once thought to be creatures of legend. The Shyyyo's body shape and feathers enable it to glide across long distances without expending much energy. Since the Shyyyo conserves energy so well it rarely leaves its nest - experts say a typical adult may hunt once per week. Their diet of slyyygs and wyyyschokks led to its depiction as a protector of both the Wookiees and wroshyr forests. Catching a glimpse of the Shyyyo is a rare blessing that guarantees peace for the viewer.
Siege
Sights Set
Sign In
Sign in to your profile to continue.
Signs of Activity
Silk
Silver Alloy
Similar pieces are found in bazaars galaxy-wide. Woven from thick material, for added insulation.
Simple woods, plastoids and leathers, collected from many planets. Ubiquitous and respected.
Since nekkos mate for life, their courtship rituals are time-consuming and exhaustive. Males claw elaborate designs into the mud and create 'signatures' to attract the perfect partner.
Singing Ruins
Singing Ruins
Single
Single
Single
Single Press
Single Saber
Sir Chogs
Sir Chogs Defeated
Sister Taske
Sister Taske
Sister Taske
Sister Taske
Sister Taske is a member of the Anchorites, a religious order focused on the preservation of knowledge.
Sister Taske operates a barter exchange; she will trade any scrolls that you find on your journey for items of value in her possession. Find her in Cere's base.
Sister Taske warns you that there is a skriton above all the others, a golden beast that has caused much destruction across its Jedha hunting grounds. It will be a challenge, but one you may wish to take on.
Sister Taske's Historical Artefacts
Sister Taske's Historical Artefacts
Sit in your cockpit chair for landing
Skeleton Key
Skill
Skill Acquired:
Skill Acquired:
Skill Learned
Skill Point
Skill Point Acquired
Skill Point Acquired
Skill Point Available
Skill Point:
Skill Point:
Skill Points
Skill Points & Lightsaber Stances
Skill Points Available
Skill Points Available
Skill Tree
Skill Tree
Skill Tree Reset
Skill point acquired
Skilled and nimble, strong defense is advised including mindful opportunities to strike.
Skilled at creating distance from its enemies - keep the pressure on it once you're close-range.
Skilled combatants may be able to parry the orbiting lightsaber.
Skills
Skills Ready to Learn
Skip
Skip
Skip Cinematic
Skip Dialogue Line
Skittish. Runs at the slightest threat.
Skoova
Skoova Defeated
Skoova Stev
Skoova Stev
Skoova Stev
Skoova regales Cal with his history, beginning with his upbringing on Sakavi Tar: a frozen world whose only food source is a vast aquatic ecosystem beneath its surface. The famine-stricken Sakavians struggled to subsist.
Skoova returned to Sakavi Tar, but felt like a stranger in his own home. When he discovered that Captain Whett had broken his vow never to fish in Sakavi Tar's waters, Skoova resolved to pursue his old captain.
Skoova spent many years adventuring and hunting rare fish with the crew of the Grapnel, and was promoted to first mate.
Skoova tracked Captain Whett to the oceanic third moon of Antine. In a final duel, he defeated his nemesis by exciting a swarm of glumbrig eels - but not before Whett speared Skoova through the chest with a harpoon.
Skoova was rescued by a local fisherwoman, who sent him to Koboh with stories of the wondrous fish in its waters.
Skoova was rescued from deep space by a Purrgil - an enormous spacefaring creature - which swept Skoova back to known space in its hyper tunnel. He spent years afterwards trying in vain to find his rescuer.
Skoova's Units
Skoova's tale may be over for now, but he's haunted by a hunch that, perhaps, Captain Whett is not yet truly slain....
Skoova's tale takes a dark turn. After he refused to use lethal force in a daring escape from Quarren pirates, Captain Whett marooned Skoova in an escape pod and left him for dead.
Skriton
Skriton
Skulking Cap Mushrooms
Skungus
Skungus are parasitic plant-like organisms containing explosive toxic spores which may detonate when a threat approaches. Smaller pods burrow underground in clusters to comprise a larger central hive. Known for their putrid smell and soft, brain-like tissue, various forms of this invasive species exist.
Skylane Docks
Skylane Regulation Station
Skylane perch used by Coruscant Security Forces to monitor traffic flow and enforce regulations.
Slaejax
Slaejax Defeated
Slam
Slam
Slaughter
Slave collar
Sleeve
Slice
Slice Probe Droids after Pulling them to you. 
Slice Security Droids while they are stunned
Slice panels to access new areas
Slice: B1 Droid
Slice: B2 Droid
Slice: BX Droids
Slice: DT Sentry
Slice: Droideka
Slice: Hybrid BX Droid
Slice: MagnaGuard
Slice: Melee BX Droid
Slice: Probe Droid
Slice: Probe Droid
Slice: Rifle BX Droids
Slice: Security Droid
Slice: Viper Probe Droid
Slicked Back
Slide
Slightly increases damage dealt by lightsaber.
Slippery Monk
Slivian Iron
Slivian Iron
Slots In Use
Slots in use
Slow
Slow
Slow
Slow
Slow
Slow
Slow 1
Slow 2
Slow Bar
Slow Dilation
Slow Dilation 30%
Slow Dilation 50%
Slow Dilation 75%
Slow Dilation Custom ({NumPct}%)
Slow Mode
Slow Unlocked
Slow an enemy.
Slow movement, long wind-up before firing, and cool down period after attack provide opportunities to attack.
Slow objects with the Force
Slow, heavy weapon presents opportunities for preemptive strikes.
Slowed enemies are vulnerable to attack
Slyyyg
Slyyygs are large, carnivorous gastropods. Although they may be found in most temperate environments, they prefer areas that are cool and damp, especially thriving in thick vegetation, small bodies of water, caves and crevices. They emit a toxic, sludge-like excretion that should be avoided.
Small Plot
Small creatures can also be tamed
Smart but unassuming boots and equally unobtrusive pants. Favored by pilots who are keen to leave the safety of the cockpit.
Smuggler
Smuggler's Past
Smuggler's Tunnels
Smugglers' Tunnels
Snakefish
Snap To Current Location
So named for how they cluster in the dark, damp places of the gorge, skulking cap mushrooms grow high and wide, with a distinctive colour. Although not toxic to eat, it is often suggested they are fried for a significant amount of time in a significant amount of butter before they become even remotely appetizing.
Soaring Lift
Sodden Grotto
Soft Bantha Leather
Soft Falumpaset Leather
Soft Gorraslug Leather
Soft Leather
Software Engineer
Software Engineers
Solar
Some Jedha temples used ancient and intricate aqueducts to draw water up from subterranean springs.
Some Republic scientists believed that destabilized Koboh dust housed tremendous potential energy - experiments on the moon facility had already yielded exciting results worth iterating upon.
Some droids may have the ability to slice in and control probe's functions.
Some fish adapt where others die, and in the swamplands of Koboh, most died. But not the glottsamcrab. A solitary mollusc, it finds a home in whatever serves as a makeshift shell. In the now-mired swamp of Koboh, such homes can take the form of discarded items, pieces of broken machinery or, most disturbingly, the shells of other, long-dead molluscs.
Some planets in the Empire's ever-widening sphere are not conducive to conventional ground assault. The Jetpack Trooper can navigate otherwise impassable terrain with their short-ranged booster pack. Used to scout out positions, or as part of a frontal assault, the trooper's specialized training and equipment gives them superiority over most entrenched infantry positions. As with all jetpacks, however, the device is susceptible to breakage or overheating when damaged.
Some stronger enemies counter attack after being parried. Parry their counter attack!
Someone became involved with the affairs of the Nightbrothers. And they were not welcome.
Someone hid in the ventilation shaft while they were hunted, likely by clones.
Someone lived here for some time, using this larder for storage and provisions.
Someone survived a crash on Dathomir, but not without suffering.
Someone was headed toward the ruins. I felt the pull of a dark, ancient energy.
Someone, seemingly armed with an energy weapon, strikes down a maintenance droid in a rage, having not found what they were looking for.
Somewhat rough and ready, Cal's pants and boots have held together admirably through countless escapades.
Sonar Radius
Sonar Speed
Song
Soont
Soont Madas
Soont Madas
Soont's Bunker
Sootun
Sorc Tormo
Sorc Tormo
Sort
Sort Tracklist
Sort Tracklist
Soul Patch
Soul Patch (temp)
Sound Designer
Sound Designers
Sound Effect Captions
South Plot
Southern Reach
Southwest of the Narkis Highlands lies the ruins of a cult of Force-worshippers. Long ago, this city was connected by a vast network of trade routes. On the outskirts of the Ruins of Ranvell is an oasis, believed to be the city's sole water supply. But like much on Jedha, this cult, and its civilization, have been lost to the great desert. 
Space
Space Requirements
Spacer
Spacer Vest
Spanish (Mexico)
Spanish (Spain)
Spawn of Oggdo
Spawn of Oggdo
Spawn of Oggdo Defeated
Speak to Caij About Bounty Hunting
Speakers
Special Attack
Special Shot
Species Discovered
Speed
Spend 1 Skill Point to reset and refund all Skill Trees. You will still keep any Skills acquired in-game.
Spend Skill Points at Meditation Points to unlock upgrades.
Spend these at Doma Dendra's shop.| @ | @ Found across Koboh.
Spend your Battle Points to purchase units and place them on the table. | @ | @ A challenge lasts multiple waves. | @ | @ Losing a wave results in defeat, requiring you to restart the challenge.
Spend your Battle Points to purchase units and place them on the table. | @ | @ A challenge lasts multiple waves. | @ | @ Losing a wave results in defeat, requiring you to restart the challenge.
Spend your Skill Point to learn Lunging Strike
Spiceman
Spider Domestication
Spider Web
Spine Fluff
Spiritual Connection
Split Reflection
Split attack. Different for each lightsaber type.
Splox
Splox are large, agile insects usually found in groups and known to launch coordinated attacks to overwhelm their prey. They are omnivorous and use small, thin, sprite-like wings to hover over terrain. They are able to contort their shape to quickly stagger their enemies, providing time for others in the pack to strike.
Spotlight
Spotlight Brightness
Spotlight Temperature
Spray a path of Koboh matter onto Koboh Tuner Beams to burn away obstacles blocking Cal's path.
Sprint
Sprint Strike
Spy droids are lighter, faster, and cheaper than Viper or Probe droids. Where they lack in reliability and optic quality, they make up for in the sheer number of angles provided, as they are often deployed in large groups. This particular model was hacked, modified, and rebranded as an ally to the Bedlam Raiders, making it prime blaster fodder for nearby Imperials.
Square Button
Squatter
Squatter Camp
Stabilizer Beam
Stabilizing UI Dot
Stables
Stables
Staff
Stainless Durasteel
Stall the Empire's Attack
Stance 1
Stance 2
Stance I
Stance II
Stance Unlocked
Stances
Stances
Stances can be changed at meditation points. You can equip two stance at one time. 
Stand below the relter and jump to grab on
Standard cargo pants and boots.
Standard military undershirt, with plated gloves. Salvaged or bartered from Clone War veterans.
Standing Together
Starfighter
Starship Scrapyard
Start Fight
Start Journey
Start New Journey
Start New Journey +
Start New Journey +:
Start New Journey:
Start New Journey:
Start New VSL Final
Start VSL Final from the beginning
Start again from the beginning with remixed encounters, new Jedi Holocron collectibles, and additional cosmetics to find. Carrying over lightsaber styles, purchased skills, stims and more. To start a New Journey +, your existing Journey Complete save file is copied into another save slot. Proceed to copy game file?
Start your journey again from the beginning with remixed encounters, additional perks, and new lightsaber blades. Your lightsaber stances and additional stims will be carried over. Skill points will be refunded and spendable. To start a New Journey +, your existing Journey Complete save file will be copied into another save slot. Proceed to copy game file?
Starter Metal
Starter Mix
Starter Non-Metal
Starter Paint
Stasis
Stationed at Kashyyyk's Imperial Refinery Aurek-50 since its construction, TR-0659 belonged to a squad responsible for subduing the local wildlife whose habitats were overtaken by the Empire. Needless to say, it went great.
Stats
Statue of a Jedi Master
Stayb
Steadfast
Steady Hand
Stepping out of retirement to claim that most elusive of Jedi bounties, Caij Vanda has not lost her touch during her time on the sidelines. Endlessly agile thanks to her rocket boots, Caij has at her disposal every possible tool a Bounty Hunter could want to take down her prey.
Stereo Speakers
Stim Canister
Stim Canisters
Stim Potency Increased
Stoic Padawan
Stolen Treasures
Stone Spires
Stone Spires
Stone Spires
Stop the Assault
Storage Crate
Storage Tanks
Storage Tanks
Stormtrooper
Stormtrooper
Stormtrooper Commander
Stormtrooper Commander
Stormtrooper Corpse
Story Mode
Stranger
Strangers
Strangled Cliffs
Strength
Striated Rocks
Strike at enemies with the lightsaber
Strike while he is distracted by Bode's attacks.
Strong but slow, strike after dodging any attack.
Strong but slow, strike after dodging any attack.
Strong, slow, and protected by a central Power Core.
Strong, unsavory and probably dangerous, Greez says this is at least good for cleaning starship innards.
Stronger enemies require multiple parries in a row to deplete their block stamina and stagger them
Stronger stamina than their subordinates.
Stronger, faster, and smarter, the BX Hybrid has attacks and techniques that less advanced model do not.
Stubble
Studio Reference
Stun
Stun Meter
Stun Shot
Sturdy storage containers to transport fragile goods. The outside is made of a heavy metal that can easily withstand Zeffo's high winds.
Sturdy, pragmatic and enduring, this sleeveless jacket became Cal's fast favorite.
Stygeon Prime
Styles
Stylish and finely-made, this is the shirt of someone with reason to celebrate.
Submerged Section
Submission
Subterranean Refuge
Subtitle Background
Subtitle Background Audio
Subtitle Character Name
Subtitle Dialog
Subtitle Directional Indicator
Subtitle Letterbox Opacity
Subtitle Scale
Subtitles
Subtitles Off
Subtitles On
Success
Successfully Confuse otherwise resistant humanoid enemies.
Successfully confuse even the most resistant humanoid enemies.
Such Tenacity
Sugaan Essena
Sullust
Sumi
Summit Ridge
Sundari Dawn
Sundering Swipe
Sunken AAT
Sunken Lucrehulk
Super Meter
Superior Blocking
Superior Confusion
Superior Hold
Superstructure Fabricators
Suppress Non-Critical Messaging
Surge
Surrounded by her loyal Anchorites, Cere Junda intends to rebuild the Jedi Archive. Cere understands the roots of Cal's relentless fight against the Empire, but she has chosen a different path - to preserve the Order's teaching as well as safeguarding the next generation of Force-sensitives through the Hidden Path.
Surveillance Data
Surveillance data from listening devices planted by Bode, revealing the scope with which he was monitoring everything since Coruscant.
Survival
Survival Skills
Survivor
Survivor
Survivor
Survivor
Susceptible to force moves to stop their erratic movements.
Susceptible to sabotage of its own grenades and missiles.
Sutaban
Sutaban Alpha
Sutaban Alpha
Sutaban Alpha Defeated
Sutaban Alpha Defeated
Sutaban are known for being merciless and brutal, but the Sutaban Alpha somehow manages to be far worse. Many who have encountered it (and lived) speak of what seems to be an enjoyment in its attacks - as if the beast delights in its cruelty. While these could be the words of paranoia, there is no doubting the Sutaban Alpha is fierce beyond measure.
Sutaban stalk the ruins of Jedha's ancient temples, seeking prey amongst the frigid wastes. Highly belligerent and single-minded, sutaban pummel their prey with a barrage of strikes from their sinewy-but-powerful arms. They are known to lose direction and composure when on the hunt, however, and occasionally become disoriented by their own flurries, allowing their targets to either flee or retaliate.
Swamp
Swamp of Sacrifice
Swamped Islet
Swap Circle button and X button
Swap Stances
Swap currently equipped Special Shot in the Stance Menu
Swap out currently equipped Special Shot at any Meditation Point
Swift Focus
Swim
Swim Boost
Swim Downwards
Swim Upwards
Swimmable
Swindler's Wash
Switch
Switch
Switch Attack
Switch Targets
Switch between lightsaber types
Switch elevation to highlight different areas of the map
Switch lightsaber modes
Switch to Double-Blade.
Switch to double-bladed lightsaber.
Switch to single-bladed lightsaber.
Swoop
Swoop
Swooper
Sync Kill Icon
Systems Designer
T-1N8
T-1N8
T-1N8
T-1N8 Defeated
T-1N8's Units
T-1N8, more affectionately known simply as 'Tina', was once the protocol droid to a family who toiled in the caverns beneath Prospector's Folly. After their untimely demise, Tina was abandoned and trapped beneath their now-devastated home, until a rogue Jedi Knight stumbled upon her, and in so doing delivered her freedom at long last.
TACTICAL GUIDE
TACTICAL GUIDE MAIN
TACTICAL GUIDE UPDATED
TIP
Tab
Tableau
Tach
Tactical
Tactical
Tactical Guide
Tactical Guide Updated
Tactical Vest
Tague Louesh
Take Back the Holocron
Take Photo
Take down the Ninth Sister's Gunship
Take the Tram Back to the Mantis
Talk of the Future
Talk to Pili for information about this plant.
Talk to {name}
Tame
Tame Speed
Tame Speed
Tamed creatures will eventually become untamed when not in combat
Tan Cloth
Tanalorr
Tanalorr
Tanalorr
Tanalorr
Tanalorr is a planet that lies on the far side of the Koboh Abyss, ensuring its safety from most invaders. Dagan Gera felt a significant connection to the planet, and speaks insistently about returning.
Tank state: {state}
Tap for a heavy sweeping attack
Tap for powerful swipes that can hit multiple targets
Tap for quick, multi-hit lightsaber swings
Tap for very fast strikes toward a single target
Tap repeatedly for three damaging swipes in front of Cal
Tap to perform an upwards strike that can knock enemies down
Tap to pull and hold a second enemy
Tap to shoot the blaster at a nearby target
Tap to throw the lightsaber in an orbit around Cal
Tap {ForcePull} to yank targets, hold to pull and hold objects and enemies
Tap {ForcePush} to push single targets, hold to push groups of objects and enemies
Tap {Parry} and {SpecialAttack} to throw in a line, with a small damage pulse on contact
Tap {Parry} and {SpecialAttack} to throw the lightsaber in a line towards a target and back
Tap {Parry} and {SpecialAttack} to throw the offhand lightsaber at a target
Tar Skipper
Tarfful
Tarfful
Tarfful and Cordova
Target
Target Dot
Target Enemy / Center Camera (Press)
Target Lock
Target swap to attack vulnerable areas.
Taron Malicos
Taron Malicos
Taron Malicos
Taron Malicos Defeated
Taske
Tattoos
Tayala
Teamwork
Tech Design
Technical Animator
Technical Animators
Technical Artist
Technical Designer
Technological Betrayal
Technological Deficit
Telekinesis
Temper Tantrum
Temperance
Tempest Push
Temple
Temple Arena
Temple Atrium
Temple Entrance
Temple Evacuation
Temple Intro Description
Temple Intro Title
Temple Safehouse
Temporarily switch Security Droids to your side after critically damaging them
Temptation
Tenacity
Tenacity
Terrified Refugee
Tertiary
Test Audio
Tester
Text Language
Texture Quality
Textured Black Rubber
Textured Cream Rubber
Textured Gray Rubber
Textured Olive Rubber
Textured Rubber
Textured Tan Rubber
Thanks to Cal's efforts, the Rambler's Reach Outpost is steadily improving. New Shops and Activities are now available.
The 'key to Tanalorr' wasn't what Cal expected. Time to tell the others what he found. 
The AAT battle tank was the mainstay armor of the Trade Federation, and later the Separatist arsenal. This AAT however, has found itself ensnared by Koboh's endemic and unyielding tar.
The ARC-170 Aggressive ReConnaissance starfighter was used by the Galactic Republic during the Clone Wars. Jointly manufactured by Incom Corporation and Subpro, it would continue to see usage into the reign of the Galactic Empire, but would eventually be phased out by the newer TIE line.
The Abyss
The Abyss
The Abyss Compass
The Agasar
The All Terrain Armored Transport (AT-AT), or Imperial Walker, is the backbone of the Empire's Assault Armor Division. A quadrupedal multi-troop transport deployed for heavy ground force assault, they are most often used to eliminate insurgent threats and enforce Imperial occupation throughout the galaxy. They are equipped with a host of formidable offensive capabilities, including chin-mounted long-range, heavy blaster cannons, as well as side cannons and blast-impervious armor plating.
The All Terrain Armored Transport - or AT-AT - is the destructive core of any Imperial ground assault. At over 22 meters tall, and armed with medium and heavy blaster cannons, there is almost no defensive emplacement that can resist these massive quadrupedal walkers for long. A single AT-AT is also capable of transporting an entire squad of Stormtroopers and complement of speeder bikes, allowing for the swift deployment of an initial occupational force.
The All Terrain Scout Transport (AT-ST) is a better-armed and armored evolution of the Republic army's reconnaissance transport. Preserving its predecessors lightweight bipedal form, the AT-ST is designed to swiftly scout out and disable smaller threats that may prove challenging for the much larger AT-AT. They are equipped with chin-mounted blaster cannons and side-mounted ordnance launchers, giving them superiority over any close-range enemy infantry positions.
The Archive
The Arrays
The Attack
The B1 Battle Droid became the common footsoldier of the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars. B1 Battle Droids are not known for their battle prowess, but instead are valued for their automaton tenacity. Easily dispatched by blaster or saber, they should nevertheless be treated with caution.
The Battle of Kashyyyk
The Beasts of Jedha
The Bedlam Raider Code
The Bedlam Raiders
The Bedlam Raiders are led by Rayvis, a Gen'Dai warrior who imparted upon them his strict warrior's code. At its core, the code promotes the quest for freedom won through ever-greater power, and that death is preferable to subjugation.| @ | @ Although many of the raiders themselves do not adhere to all of the Code's principles, it is nevertheless a binding force that keeps Rayvis' irregular army unified.
The Bedlam Raiders are the fist of Rayvis; a brute force army designed to destroy. Nothing represents this better than the Bedlam smasher - a heavily-clad warrior armed with a massive electro-hammer. The Bedlam smasher attacks with slow swings of their weapon, but each brutal blow - if it connects - is certain to devastate their target.
The Bedlam Raiders took no prisoners when they rooted out the Stormtroopers in this area.
The Bedlam Raiders were formed of many disparate groups of bandits, miscreants and blasters-for-hire. One by one, Rayvis brought them into the fold through silver-tongued diplomacy, and blood-soaked persuasion.
The Bedlam Raiders were formed of several disparate bandit gangs on Koboh, unified into one group by Rayvis. From their base in an abandoned Lucrehulk-class battleship in Koboh's swamp, and with the ship's droid army at their command, they terrorize Koboh and the wider system.
The Binog
The Binog is an enormous, amphi-mammalian creature found only on Bogano. They can live for thousands of years, only breeding once per lifetime. Due to their scarcity of offspring, very few Binogs are left in the galaxy.
The Cast and Characters of Jedi: Fallen Order
The Chase
The Clone Commander and Jedi Master survived the crash, but her Padawan was missing.
The Clone Wars
The Clone Wars began with the First Battle of Geonosis and grew into a galaxy-wide conflict. Fought between the Galactic Republic and the Confederacy of Independent Systems, it consumed the galaxy for three years. The war finally ended when the Confederacy's leaders were cornered and defeated, which coincided with the Jedi Order - who had fought as generals for the Republic - being branded as traitors and executed en-masse.  | @ | @ In the aftermath, the Republic was restructured into the Galactic Empire, with the newly-ascended Emperor Palpatine at its head.
The Coruscant Underworld
The Creature
The Crossguard unfolds and ignites in Crossguard Stance only.| @ | @ Adjust the Crossguards with {UI_Navigate_DPad_Left} / {UI_Navigate_DPad_Right}.| @ | @ Does not affect gameplay.
The Cud
The Deep Caverns
The Desert Ghost
The Destination and the Beginning
The Docks
The Dredger Run
The Droid Hunter
The Droid Hunter Defeated
The Emergence
The Emergence on Koboh devastated the planet, and the High Republic settlement was no exception. As the ground beneath them gave way, many were caught in the erupting earth and crushed beneath the mighty masonry erected for their own betterment.
The Emperor's right hand, and mechanical lord of the Sith. Darth Vader strikes at Cere and Jedha in an act of vengeance, with the intent of destroying both the Jedi Master and her hard-built archive.
The Empire is nearing Pilgrim's Crossing. Cal and Merrin need to locate Brother Armias and recover the Hidden Path contact codes before it's too late.
The Empire is nearing Pilgrim's Crossing. Cal and Merrin need to locate Brother Armias and recover the Hidden Path contact codes before it's too late.
The Empire is nearing Pilgrim's Crossing. Cal and Merrin need to locate Brother Armias and recover the Hidden Path contact codes before it's too late.
The Empire is nearing Pilgrim's Crossing. Cal and Merrin need to locate Brother Armias and recover the Hidden Path contact codes before it's too late.
The End of the Ninth Sister?
The End?
The Escape
The Escape
The Eye of the Storm
The Fall of Dagan Gera
The Fallen Jedi
The Feeding Grounds
The Final Battle
The Final Lesson
The First Move
The Forest Array
The Forest Array
The Forest Array is a research facility of High Republic construction. Though the working of its mechanisms are unknown, it was constructed to help study and understand the Koboh Abyss.
The GNK-series power droid is renowned as an excellent portable battery unit. They are nicknamed 'Gonk' droids both in reference to their series classification, and their signature, baritone vocalization.
The Galactic Empire
The Galactic Empire
The Galactic Empire emerged from the reorganization of the Galactic Republic following the Jedi purge, and is ruled by Emperor Palpatine. Increasingly autocratic and brutal, the Empire's authority derives no longer from diplomacy, but by the marching of stormtrooper columns. 
The Galactic Senate
The Galactic Senate - also known as the Imperial Senate - is the governing body of the Empire, and before that the Republic. Since the transition to Empire, the Senate's power has slowly been chipped away, and now many Senators find themselves indulging in corruption to recoup the political power they've lost.
The Garden on the Saloon Rooftop is now accessible.| @ | @ Seeds collected across Koboh can be planted here.
The Gathering
The Gathering Room lies at the entrance to the Crystal Caves. Used primarily as a meeting area, Jedi Masters brought Younglings here for instruction and meditation before they began their sacred search for kyber crystals. 
The Gen'Dai Rayvis is the leader of the Bedlam Raiders. He orders his lieutenant to kill Turgle after being sold a fake key.
The Gen'Dai are a species about which little is known. What is understood, however, is that they do not seem to age and die as other organics do, and that they are mostly amorphous, being no more than a huge mass of nerves. They are nearly indestructible, and only die when their core nerves are severed or their bodies are utterly and completely destroyed.
The Goals of Khri
The Grapnel
The Guardian
The Haxion Brood
The Haxion Brood
The Haxion Brood
The Haxion Brood is a crime syndicate led by the idiosyncratic Sorc Tormo from his meteor base of Ordo Eris. Haxion Brood hunters prove their loyalty to the cause by cybernetically enhancing themselves, usually by removing one of their organic limbs to replace it with a cybernetic one. 
The Haxion Brood sees relentless aggression, as much as canny subterfuge, as crucial to victory - none typify this more than the Brood gunslinger. Unencumbered by heavy armor or jetpacks, they launch into action, unleashing a flurry of high-powered blaster bolts and stun grenades, designed to bring down even the toughest of marks with the steady grind of attrition. 
The Heist
The Hidden Path
The Hidden Path
The High Republic
The High Republic was an era of expansion and exploration, with Jedi helping lead the push to discover the greater galaxy and fold willing planets into the galactic community. The dangers that lay on the edges of their understanding, however, would prove a constant challenge.
The Holomap also shows unexplored pathways and important landmarks
The Huntsman
The Huntsman Defeated
The Ibdis Maw
The Imperial Security Bureau
The Imperial Security Bureau is the arm of the Empire concerned with internal security. With vast powers, limitless budget, and almost no oversight, other branches of the Imperial military resented the ISB's ability to supercede their authority and get permission where they could not. Each sector of the galaxy was overseen by an ISB supervisor, with a hierarchy that led to the Emperor himself.
The Imperial garrison stationed near the Observatory were no match for Dagan Gera and the full force of the Bedlam Raiders.
The Imperial presence on Jedha is seemingly increasing, for reasons yet unknown. The Empire, however, did not account for a Dathomirian Nightsister.
The Imperial probe droid - or 'probot' - is a lightweight reconnaissance droid used by the Galactic Empire for intelligence gathering. Primarily deployed to gather audio and visual data via acoustic, sonic, and seismic sensors, the droids are also equipped with six manipulator arms for gathering physical samples if required. Lightly-armored and lightly-armed, a probe droid will transmit data and self-destruct as-standard when attacked, rather than risk capture and compromise at the hands of insurgents.
The Imperial stormtrooper is the backbone of the Galactic Empire's ever-widening military presence. A wholesale replacement of the Republic clone trooper, these conscripted soldiers are dispatched galaxy-wide to enforce obedience to Imperial rule. Usually armed with a standard E-11 blaster rifle, stormtroopers deploy in squads to ensure numerical superiority. 
The Imperial viper probe droid is a variation of the standard Imperial probe droid. Though still deployed on reconnaissance and intelligence missions, and equipped with the relevant suite of data-gathering apparatus, a viper droid is also programmed to aggressively defend itself when attacked. Firing rate has been improved and the outer casing reinforced. Notably, the droid is also equipped with concussion grenade launchers, ensuring that it presents a deadly challenge to any attempting to stop it.
The Jaw Plant of Kashyyyk is a carnivorous flora found in damp and darkened regions of the Shadowlands. It is known to emit a powerful scent that stimulates hunger receptors in potential targets, luring them closer with the promise of food as bait. When prey appears within range, its quick-snapping jaws will spring closed, trapping and devouring them whole.
The Jedi General who commanded this Venator found her Padawan. Disoriented and gravely wounded, they fought back the Clones who were once their friends.
The Jedi Way
The Jedi purpose on Koboh was the pursuit and study of Tanalorr. To this end, Santari Khri established several chambers across the planet, to be used by both Knights and Padawan alike to focus their minds and their bodies for the journey across the Koboh Abyss, and to give them a greater understanding of the system's unique material properties.
The Jedi saw opportunities in all things - even a harsh world like Koboh. To truly understand the ever-expanding Republic, the Jedi needed to absorb all they could, and teach their Padawans the same.
The Jedi trials on Koboh were tests of body and mind, but also of trust and camaraderie between both friends and comrades.
The Jedi trials on Koboh were tests of body and mind, but also of trust and camaraderie between both friends and comrades.
The Jedi, led by Dagan Gera, make their last, ill-fated stand against the invading forces.
The Journey Begins
The KX-series Imperial security droid is a fixture of garrisons across the Empire. Deliberate and powerful, they are deadly in close combat, programmed to incapacitate their opponents with insistent brute force. Fully equipped with comm relays and a suite of tactical programming, they can operate autonomously or as support for larger troop formations.
The Key To Tanalorr
The Key to the Vault
The Klatooinian twins Koob and Lizz would do anything for their friend Cal. Their loyalty is only matched by their insatiable hunger, which often gets them into trouble.
The Koboh Abyss
The Koboh Abyss dominates the space above the eponymous planet. A vast stellar anomaly, its gravitational forces pose a threat to any ship that comes near it, as evidenced by the graveyard of debris strewn nearby.
The Koboh Arrays
The Koboh Emergence
The Koboh spiker may look like it could be found in the recesses of deep space, but it is in fact a Koboh native. It blossoms into a beautiful, crystalline-looking flower, surrounded by fractious and intimidating spines that deter investigation. There are some Koboh locals, however, who choose to ignore such warnings, and have the wounds to prove it.
The Koboh spiker surrounds its beautiful flower with knife-sharp spikes. Caution advised.
The Lair of the Nydak
The Last Shyyyo Bird
The Lost Holocron
The Low Altitude Assault Transport (LAAT), also known as the Republic attack gunship, was an armed troop carrier used by the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Wars and in the early years of the Empire. Maneuverable and formidable, it provided troops the ability for quick deployment and extraction in heavy combat through extensive types of terrain and climates.
The Lucrehulk
The Lucrehulk 'Primacy', having entered the Koboh system too close to the Abyss, began being pulled apart by its gravitational forces. In a last-ditch move, the remaining bridge crew detached the core, planning to emergency land on the planet below.
The MK-270 Imperial Pulverizers are crucial for Project Auger as the icy barriers in Zeffo's cave-systems require an incredible amount of power to break through. Even the Empire's specialized saws are not sufficient to break through this ice on their own.
The Maestro
The Maestro Defeated
The Mantis
The Mantis is arriving at Koboh. Cal heads over to the cockpit to prepare for landing. 
The Mantis is grounded. Cal's old friend Greez Dritus can fix the ship.
The Mantis, its systems failing, barely makes it to Koboh. The ship crash-landed in a dusty canyon on Koboh, far from the planet's main settlement where Greez had opened a cantina. On the way there, Cal and BD-1 were attacked by a local gang known as the Bedlam Raiders. Upon reaching the outpost, Cal defended the locals from the Raiders' leader, a Gen'Dai named Rayvis.| @ | @ In the aftermath, Greez emerged from hiding, and the old friends reunited. While alarmed to hear of damage to the Mantis, the Latero was far more concerned with Cal's well-being. He convinces Cal to rest in a spare room he set up long ago for just this sort of visit...
The Massiff
The Massiff
The Master's Arrival
The Mire Terror
The Mountain Observatory
The Music of Jedi: Fallen Order
The NR-N99 enforcer tank was constructed by the Corporate Alliance for the Separatist Army. Using a single traction drive tread, this weaponized automaton could maneuver over terrain of many types, was fully submersible and armed with various weapon types.
The Narkis Anchorites
The Narkis Anchorites are a cult of Force devotees on Jedha. They are monastic hermits, named after a region of Jedha they frequent that is known as the Narkis Highlands. They revere the Force, interpreting it as knowledge and understanding. The Anchorites believe that all things in the galaxy - from people to stars to boglings to asteroids - are part of a vast connected network of understanding. Jedi and other Force-sensitives are perceived as enlightened beings through whom knowledge and understanding is transmitted outward from the Force.
The Narkis Desert
The Nightbrothers
The Nightbrothers brought an intruder here, but they were awaiting instructions.
The Nightbrothers found someone dangerous. An outsider. Whoever it was they took them to their leader.
The Nightbrothers were chasing someone through the swamp. Someone they feared.
The Nightbrothers witnessed a ship crash in the swamps.
The Nightsister
The Nightsister Merrin unexpectedly reappears in Cal's life after having traveled the galaxy. Why she is on Jedha remains a mystery.
The Nightsister confronted the stranger and a tense negotiation took place.
The Nightsisters
The Nightsisters of Dathomir were a coven of powerful Force-sensitives. Skilled in the use of magick, an expression of the Force unknown to Jedi or Sith, they previously ruled Dathomir. Nightsister society was strictly matriarchal, with the coven answering to a Mother who also ruled the lower Nightbrother class. Their civilization was destroyed at the behest of a vengeful Count Dooku after Asajj Ventress and her sisters attempted to assassinate him.
The Nightsisters used rituals and spells to give themselves power. In the wrong hands, it could be dangerous.
The Nightsisters were led by a powerful magick-user they called "Mother".
The Nihil
The Nihil, a faction of elusive and powerful marauders, emerged as one of the greatest threats during the High Republic era. Able to navigate hyperspace in ways others could not, they caused mayhem across the Republic's fragile frontier, even launching a surprise attack on Tanalorr. | @ | @ In the face of this unique enemy, the Jedi Council ordered a retreat from Tanalorr and the destruction of all ways of reaching it, choosing instead to focus their resources on repelling the Nihil threat for good.
The Ninth Sister
The Ninth Sister
The Ninth Sister
The Ninth Sister
The Ninth Sister
The Ninth Sister
The Ninth Sister faces Cal in the peaks of the Origin Tree on Kashyyyk. There she reveals her gruesome history as a former Jedi tortured and mutilated into the brutal Inquisitor she has become. After an intense battle, Cal defeats her, but is she truly gone?
The Ninth Sister's been defeated. Now Cal heads for the hangar to transmit the stolen intel to Saw Gerrera.
The Ninth Sister's block regeneration is slow. Keep the pressure to break her block.
The Ninth Sister, bent on revenge, ambushed the crew. She executed Senator Sejan and, in the ensuing firefight, Gabs and the Twins were killed too. To buy Bode and Bravo time, Cal confronted the Ninth Sister and defeated her. At the hangar, Cal offered Bode a locator beacon, so that the mercenary could track him down for payment after they escaped.| @ | @ As Imperials pursued the remaining crew, Bode drew several fighters away, but Bravo's ship was shot down before the jump to lightspeed. Cal finds himself with BD aboard the Mantis, safe but otherwise alone...
The Oggdo is a highly threatening alpha predator at the top of the Bogano food chain. This creature attacks with an adhesive tongue capable of reaching eight meters in length that latches onto its prey, then pulls them into its jaws. This form of strike is particularly effective against most foes. Due to its thick hide, it is able to resist a straight-on lightsaber attack, and is extremely dangerous at close-range, often leaping at a target to close the distance. 
The Old Ways
The Origins of Purpose
The Outsider
The Padawan
The Path
The Pilgrim's Path is a journey of endurance, and has claimed many before the end of their trial.
The Pilgrims of Jedha
The Pilot of Mantis
The Pit
The Plan
The Power of Friendship
The Premonition
The Prisoner
The Prospectors of Koboh
The Purrgil
The Rabid Jotaz is a violent, diseased berserker capable of inflicting critical damage on anything within range. This super aggressive beast is able to strike with an extra powerful flurry, swinging its arms with extended reach. Despite its horrific condition, its thick hide provides armor-like resistance, although some areas along the abdomen may be vulnerable.
The Raiders who patrol the gorge appear merciless in prosecuting trespassers, acting as judge, jury and executioner on any hapless prospector caught in their sights.
The Rambler's Reach Outpost was a prime target for those looking to pull a quick heist. Unfortunately for them, Doma Dendra was determined, in those early days, to see that at least a modicum of law was upheld.
The Rawka is a Koboh native that embodies the planet well: unassuming but surprisingly dangerous. These avian creatures are fiercely protective, and will dramatically peck, butt, and charge any who encroach on their territory, thus earning them the moniker 'rushers' by the locals. | @ | @ However, they are fairly dim-witted, and susceptible to certain forms of persuasion. Republic scientists were fascinated by their seeming immunity to local Koboh matter, hypothesizing that their feathers might be somewhat magnetized.
The Republic of old found the natural properties of Koboh fascinating, and both Jedi and scientist alike were keen to see how they could harness its unique energies. The first result of these studies was the massive facility on the planet's moon; an emitter array capable of harnessing Koboh Matter and displacing it. | @ | @ The construction of two additional arrays on the planet's surface would pave the way for the Jedi's determined quest to push through the otherwise impregnable Koboh Abyss - itself largely composed of Koboh matter - and reach what lay beyond.
The Republic's facility on Koboh's moon was the first research station they built, due to the satellite's abundance of anomalous matter. The giant firing cylinder is a prototype array beam, a technology that would be refined and transported to the planet below.
The Researcher
The Rooftop Garden
The Sage of this era demanded precious offerings.
The Sages
The Scrapper Guild
The Scrapper Guild is a network of engineers and laborers that operate in concert with the Galactic Empire, recycling and repurposing technology, machinery and infrastructure throughout the galaxy. Since the rise of the Empire, the Scrapper Guild has focused heavily on an expensive but highly successful campaign to do away with all vehicles, equipment and technology associated with the Republic.
The Second Sister
The Second Sister
The Second Sister
The Second Sister
The Second Sister
The Second Sister
The Second Sister revealed that she was once Cere's Padawan, Trilla, whose location Cere gave up under Imperial torture. Trilla was found by the Empire and transformed into an Inquisitor.
The Second Sister's Origin
The Seeds of Concern
The Short Straw
The Sith Lord is too powerful. Flee.
The Sound of Destruction
The Stinger Mantis
The Stinger Mantis is an S-161 ""Stinger"" XL luxury yacht, made by Latero Spaceworks and originally captained by Greez Dritus. He obtained the ship after taking out a recklessly large loan to buy it.| @ | @ As a luxury vessel, the Mantis boasts a comfortable interior and a study exterior. In the years since its daring escape from Fortress Inquisitorius, the ship has been helmed by Cal Kestis as he continues trying to push back against the Galactic Empire.
The Stranger
The Sunken Lucrehulk
The Sunken Lucrehulk
The Swamps of Dathomir
The Ties That Bind
The Tomb of Eilram
The Tomb of Miktrull
The Truth
The Twins
The Unconvinced
The Vault
The Vault is built out of karnite, a hard stone rich in minerals. Its inner walls are decorated with metallic plating and inscriptions. The glyphs don't return results in any galactic databank, suggesting the language has been lost to time.
The Wanderer
The Wanderer
The Wanderer
The Wanderer and The Witch
The Warlord's Standard
The Wheel Turns
The Wise Hunters
The Wookiees mourned the loss of someone close to them here. An elder known for their wisdom.
The Zeffo Villagers
The Zeffo's reverence of the wind shaped everything they created. The movement of wind through these chimes may once have called the sages to prayer. 
The ancient civilization who built this place ended long ago, but pilgrims still journey to these ruins to study them.
The apex predator known as Gorgara "the winged daemon of the canyon", employs trickery and versatility while soaring to dizzying heights and scouring the deepest crags. A thick, armored hide makes her resistant to straight-on attacks but certain areas may become vulnerable during combat. She is known to latch onto prey with a fierce grip, hoisting them into the air on her powerful wings.
The barbed hookfish has evolved out of necessity to be a brutal predator. Other fish in its taxonomy feed on krill and water-based nutrients, but the hookfish has developed a defensive exoskeleton and hooked fins for attacking other fish - and even birds - who dare to cross it.
The basalt forest of Koboh is a geographical oddity, and part of why the Republic found the planet so fascinating. Lush vegetation grows through and between massive, distinctive stone formations, and deep gulches and rivers help form a network of pathways through the forest, which also provide the perfect nesting grounds for several large creatures. The scientists and Jedi of the Republic found the area so interesting that they chose it as the site of one of their research arrays.
The big mouth faa, so known for its protruding features, takes residence most often in shaded waters. The columns and foliage of Koboh's basalt forest provide ample coverage for the faa. It uses its relatively large rear fin as one would a rudder; making small, constant adjustments in order to navigate. 
The bilemaw can be a vicious creature, but mostly in defense of its territory. They find shelter from the elements, but only build nests in order to give birth and rear their young. Any interloper who would intrude on that space is therefore fair game.
The blinding rayfish has made a home in the precarious rock pools and watered gulches of Koboh - they are mostly spotted in the ruins of the old High Republic settlement. With their protruding jaw and skeletal appearance, they lie in wait for their prey, posing as a fish long-dead, before stunning them with a sudden, blinding flash of light, then striking their bewildered victims with singular lethality.
The blue-finned crayfish is a rarity in Koboh. Prospectors thought once to catch the elusive creature and sell it at a high price, but ended up declaring the fish a myth. However, the crayfish does exist, yet has evaded capture through the years by clinging to the underside of rocks, and letting its fins sway like waves in the rippling waters. Even when spotted, its hydrodynamic body easily slips through grabbing hands.
The bluebell squish draws nutrients from the ball of moss it grows on, emitting a damp, earthy scent.
The bluebell squish is often found in the damp places of the galaxy, drawing moisture from the air around it. However, it can survive in less humid environments by storing liquid in its mossy root sac, which balloons as it grows. Through judicious rationing of its stores, the plant can endure on even arid climates like Koboh.
The bodies of the deceased were suspended for display, perhaps indicating that death was not something to necessarily mourn, but to celebrate and remember.
The body of a Jedi Knight, brutally ambushed by some unknown force before being unceremoniously discarded in the bowels of the cave.
The body of a Jedi long dead, who presumably conducted research within the caverns. Their body indicates they were killed by massive trauma, from someone much larger than them.
The body of a long-dead Bedlam Raider, clearly killed by blaster bolts, which mark the body indiscriminately.
The boldest Nightbrothers ventured into the lair of this creature as a rite of passage. Those who survived were deemed worthy.
The bones of some ancient creature partially exposed by excavation. It must date back several centuries.
The breastplate and pauldrons of a high-ranking warrior, whose name and battles are lost to time.
The cactus ball is a spherical mass of enticing-yet-dangerous spines, which increase in sharpness towards the core of the plant.
The calamity that struck Koboh also ripped its moon apart. Racked by quakes and subsidence, sections of the facility were torn from their foundation and strewn about the interstellar flotsam.
The cantina has a functional jukebox, located near to its main stage. It's worth looking into what playlists are available.
The cavern is linked by a network of turbolifts that allow rapid passage from one section to another. They appear to be either inoperable or controlled from a remote source.
The cavern systems under Ilum are rich in mineral substances formed during ancient geothermal evolution. The ice caves are home to several mineral classes native to the planet. 
The central interrogation chamber of the Fortress is a torture room where captured Jedi and Force-users undergo a menacing procedure to transform them into Inquisitors. Under direct orders of Emperor Palpatine, this facility was specifically designed to psychologically and physically drain a prisoner's will, forcing them to acquiesce to the evil indoctrination of the Inquisitorius. This is where Jedi die and Inquisitors are born.
The city-planet of Coruscant has been the galactic capital for millennia, the seat of power first for the Republic and now the Empire. What appears from afar to be the planet's gray surface is in fact just the upper reaches of endless buildings that descend down thousands of meters. While the glittering towers and magnificent architecture of the upper levels present an image of Imperial grandeur and galactic prosperity, it is often said that as one descends into the planet's seedier lower strata, the true face of Coruscant emerges.
The cold deserts of Jedha are prone to extreme weather events, the most common of which is the sand storm. Loose desert sand, whipped up by the winds that howl through valleys and down from the mountains, forms into an abrasive flurry. They are to be avoided at all costs - such is their power, they will strip the plating from any ships caught in their path. 
The complexity of the subterranean mechanisms operating the Array's above-ground ionic beams is difficult to imagine. While the apparatus has clearly not been moved in years, a way to control it must still exist.
The crags and nooks of Koboh make ideal habits for birds to build their nests that, although treacherous, are out of reach of would-be predators. The Redbrow, named after their streaked head, are easily scattered by unexpected disturbances, but return to their nests as soon as the threat is passed.
The crew has located Bode in the Nova Garon system. Cal must find Bode before he escapes to Tanalorr.
The crew returned to Koboh to discover that, in their absence, the Raiders descended upon the outpost and kidnapped Zee. | @ | @ Fearing Zee will be scrapped once Dagan discovers she knew nothing of the compass, Cal and Bode decide to launch a daring strike into the Raider base itself - an abandoned Lucrehulk Battleship - to rescue Zee...
The crew traveled to the Zeffo homeworld, searching for the tombs Cordova mentioned. They learned the Empire occupied Zeffo in order to mine ancient artifacts. The directive, codenamed Project Auger, was terminated after Zeffo's magnetic winds proved too difficult to deal with. Now, Cal and BD find themselves inside an ancient Zeffo Tomb looking for messages from Cordova...
The crew's last chance of reaching Tanalorr is to recreate Santari Khri's original experiment on Koboh.
The crimson jelly spire first developed on a planet wracked by a shifting and volatile climate. Its gelatinous exterior evolved to resist extremes of both heat and cold, while its highly durable, fibrous core stem resisted punishing winds and even seismic activity. Collectors found them a desirable oddity for a time, before growing bored of them, leading to their eventual proliferation around the Outer Rim.
The crimson jelly spire is deceptively strong, held up by a rigid core hidden inside its gelatinous body.
The current PC configuration does not support NVIDIA DLSS. Check NVIDIA's website for the latest requirements.
The current PC configuration does not support NVIDIA Frame Generation. Check NVIDIA's website for the latest requirements.
The dams in Dredger Gorge were constructed to redirect the flow of tar and allow easier access to potential treasures. An unintended side-effect of this process, however, was a back-up of sludge into Rambler's Reach Valley. Eventually it found its way into, and then through, the water treatment system, completely contaminating it.
The deadly training room of the Inquisitorius, where Inquisitors and Purge Troopers hone their lethal skills. Through a merciless indoctrination of combat and strength, the sinister agents of the Empire prepare for their sworn mission. The fear-based, dark and abusive nature of this training is diametrically opposed to that of the Jedi Temple on Coruscant.
The desert of Jedha was always dangerous to travelers, but it has grown more deadly with the arrival of Imperial forces.
The deserts of Jedha are cold and inhospitable, so the hardshell has developed ways to keep protected. As the name suggests, the creatures often develop a tough outer shell - not to gain reprieve from the elements, but as defense against predators. Although not every hardshell actually develops this carapace, the local name has stuck. The thick shell can be removed with relative ease, but the creatures are entirely vulnerable without it. Though usually dispatched quickly, they nevertheless will swipe and spit at any entity they deem a threat.
The deserts of Jedha are home to many lethal creatures. 
The deserts of Jedha are no place for off-planet travelers, for even the locals don't tread its sands lightly. Jedha is a cold planet, and its wide dunes even more so - particularly at night. Yet amongst the expanse can be found the ruins and remnants of civilizations past, blasted by endless sandstorms and frequented by beasts seeking shelter.
The double-bladed lightsaber excels at crowd control. Use the Force attack to overwhelm and clear large groups
The double-bladed staff can easily deflect projectiles, so close quarters combat is ideal.
The early prospectors built complex systems to provide the outpost and their prospecting sites with fresh water. However, after the supply became contaminated, and their prospecting efforts began to falter, such systems were abandoned to time and the elements.
The enormous crawler vehicles were originally created as mobile mining and smelting factories, designed to withstand the harsher conditions of frontier planets. Over time, however, they became favorites of the Jawa species native to Tatooine, who used their vast space to store their wares as well as house their entire clan. The Jawas who found their way to Koboh built a crawler in the style of the ones they remembered from their home.
The evidence suggests that Fort Kah'Lin was once a hub of activity for a local bandit gang. Although now it is still occupied by Bedlam Raider soldiers and battle droids, these abandoned items speak to a more active base, made sparse by some past incident.
The exposed ribcage of an enormous creature. Markings on the bone structures indicate this was picked clean by some ravenous predator.
The fallen Jedi faces Cal and Bode in the Lucrehulk. On the trail of the last remaining compass, Dagan is fueled by an obsession to return to Tanalorr.
The fantailed laa occupies the scrappy, craggy pools that can be found between the mesas and cliffs of Jedha. They are visually distinct when above the waterline, but when submerged the dark green of their fins camouflages well against the shifting colours of the waters, allowing them to evade the talons of passing predators.
The fingerlip garpon earned its name for its long, digit-like lower lip that protrudes dramatically ahead of it. The fish traverses bodies of water by gliding as close to the bottom as possible. It is unknown how this fish has survived so long, as it seems entirely at the mercy of both predators and avid culinarians.
The fire pineapple is a delicacy to some, containing an extremely pungent fruit past its external spines.
The fire pineapple is distantly related to the cactus ball, sharing its characteristic tapered and sharp stems. Uniquely, however, a fire pineapple blossoms into a flower that seems as a conflagration, hence the name. Its fruit, also, is considered a delicacy to some, but its deeply pungent aroma is off-putting to species with finely-tuned olfactory senses, as is its overpowering taste.
The former captain of the Stinger Mantis, Greez Dritus is the proprietor of Pyloon's Saloon, a sleepy cantina located in the outpost at Rambler's Reach on Koboh.
The fortune-teller Tulakt arrives at the cantina following an attack on her home planet. Like most things about Tulakt, what she seeks on Koboh is a mystery.
The frilled newt is technically not a fish but a salamander, and quite a distinctive one at that. Nevertheless, they frequent the rock pools and waters of Koboh's Dredger Gorge, to rest and to hydrate. It is here they are most often caught as when on land they are entirely too evasive to pin down.
The game needs to download and install the latest patch in order to proceed.
The goldenlight moss is constantly reaching for sunlight, both with its white blossoms and determined roots.
The gorge was once the home to a community of prospectors and miners, lured to Koboh by the possibility of untold treasures. Now those hunters of riches are nearly all gone, with only rust-eaten, dilapidated equipment offering proof of a once-thriving, if disorganised, industry.
The gorocco - a large, easily incensed predator - found plentiful prey in the prospectors and raiders that came to their hunting grounds. Scattered remains, though impossible to identify fully, indicate that the gorocco are not short on meals.
The greaves and halfskirt of a soldier whose war is now long forgotten.
The guardians of the Jedha Temple remain vigilant even after death.
The hardy gear of a Scrapper Guild rigger, replete with reinforced knee pads, and deep pockets for equipment.
The highly dangerous Nydak Alpha is a reclusive yet relentless beast. Dominant over its lesser kind, this carnivorous alpha predator balances strength and intelligence to defend against multiple parries. Its muscular forearms are reinforced with a resistant hide over hardened, nutrient-enriched bone, making them versatile to climbing, asymmetrical traversal, and unable to be severed.
The holomap shows {PlayerArrow} Cal's current location and the location of the {MainObjective} Main Objective.| @ | @ The area containing the {MainObjective} Main Objective is also highlighted in gold.
The humble Bogling was thought endemic only to Bogano, but has somehow crossed the distance, and heckles of the creature now thrive on Koboh. Fluffy and agile, their ability to run on their toes gives them great dexterity amongst rocky and craggy terrain. 
The hybrid-model BX commando droid combines the melee prowess of the standard BX model with the ranged advantage of a blaster. Spry and accurate, the hybrid will attempt to soften its target up with blaster fire before closing in for the kill.
The hydraatis grows in dry, rocky areas. Air is filtered through its filaments, which trap dust and bacteria. Once filtered, the filaments contract to lock clean air inside, creating a humid environment where the hydraatis can absorb the small amount of water it needs to survive. 
The iconic classic: stylish, comfortable and durable.
The jacket hems tightly at the waist and cuffs, to keep everything contained. Especially useful in cramped cockpits.
The jotaz is a formidable and highly aggressive predator that utilizes brute strength to establish supremacy. A thick hide provides armor-like defensive support but vulnerabilities may exist along the abdomen region where the skin is thinnest. What this creature lacks in speed is supplemented by forceful blows and an impressive reach of long forearms.
The large, thick-hided bilemaw has made a home amongst Koboh's many crags, caves, and crevices. When disturbed they react fiercely with kicks, bites, spits, and charges. Their hard exterior is resistant to most conventional weaponry, though there are several more tender spots that can be exploited.
The legend {UI_TertiaryConfirm} shows icons for other points of interest with filters that can be turned on and off.| @ | @ Collectibles {UI_SecondaryConfirm} shows your progress for the current area.
The lesser nydak is a feared opponent for Nightbrothers, though legends say some Nightsisters kept them as familiars. Nydaks are solitary creatures, rarely seen in packs after adolescence. Their only natural predator is the massive Gorgara.
The locator beacon led the crew to Nova Garon, and an Imperial Security Bureau base. Sneaking through the facility to a suite of private quarters, Cal discovered Kata - Bode's daughter, and then Bode himself.| @ | @ After surviving Order 66, Bode started a new life, marrying and eventually fathering a daughter. Yet in time the Inquisitorius hunted him down; he escaped with Kata, but the Inquisitors killed his wife. On the run, Bode struck a deal with newly-Imperial Denvik, now the base commander of Nova Garon, to become a mole for the ISB in exchange for safety. However, he long sought to escape that arrangement, and Tanalorr gave him that chance.| @ | @ Bode reveals his plan to use Cal to bring the Inquisitorius down on Denvik's base, purging Bode's existence from Imperial records and buying time for him and Kata to escape...
The lower levels of a Lucrehulk core house landing logistics and power generation. Though they were likely disabled during the ship's landing, it seems that Rayvis - or some resourceful Raider - has coaxed the systems back to life, powering the ship once more.
The lower levels of the galactic capital, Coruscant, are insalubrious and dangerous, where there is no such thing as an honest living. Even a simple diner must pay tithes to local gang bosses, and a bribe is as valid currency as a blaster bolt.
The luck of rogue Jedi Cal Kestis seemed at last to have run out, finding himself in the custody of Coruscant Security Force troopers intent on selling him to a corrupt senator. The senator - Daho Sejan - hoped to use the Jedi to gain favor with the Emperor. | @ | @ Yet the exchange was a set-up; a lure to give the Jedi a chance to steal valuable intel from the senator's yacht for Saw Gerrera. After a frantic chase through Level 2046, Cal obtains the intel, but it is far from good news: the Empire is everywhere, seemingly unstoppable, and now their years-long struggle seems hopeless...
The machinery of the Galactic Empire is supported by those who devote themselves wholeheartedly to its cause. Stormtrooper Commanders, possessed by that unwavering loyalty, lead their battalions forward in the Emperor's name. Trained in advanced tactics and weaponry, they decisively direct their squads against the Empire's enemies.
The manse was built around a large central courtyard, clearly intended for Jedi training. Ample room was provided for sparring, meditation, or simple yet productive discussion between peers.
The maximum intensity of your TV/Monitor in Nits
The mee fish is a deceiver. It presents in a gregarious fashion, all wide fins and bright colours, but past the ostentatious exterior is a vicious, daring predator. Its mouth, which protrudes from its flat body, is lined with hundreds of small but razor-like teeth, which savage the smaller fish upon which it feeds. They have also been known to frequently draw blood from those who try to catch them: no bare flesh is safe from a mee fish!
The memory of Jaro Tapal, Cal's deceased Master, still haunts the former Padawan. An imposing Lasat, Jaro Tapal served the Republic with distinction during the Clone Wars.
The menacing mykal is an opportunistic flying predator known for sweeping attacks from the sky. Long considered a delicacy among Wookiee elders which maintained equilibrium within the species, their numbers have flourished under Imperial occupation. A nimble, aerodynamic acrobat, the creature instinctively avoids retaliation from prey with a balance of cunning grace and deadly skill.
The minimum level that the Force Meter automatically regenerates to is increased.
The mogu is a violent predator, known for stalking and aggressively assaulting its prey. Creatures akin to mogu can be found on planets of varying climate, but their temperament remains largely unchanged; they will seek to grab and slam their targets, lifting and tossing them around. Yet even when injured, a mogu will not relent.
The most common offerings brought to Miktrull's Tomb were votive candles, generally encased in metal and adorned with carvings. It's said that their flames represented Miktrull's unending power.
The mountain's cargo elevator starts in the foothills and ascends a rickety, lengthy journey to the higher climes of Prospector's Folly. Presumably used for carrying cargo, it has - by all appearances - serviced the prospectors of Koboh for a long, long time. 
The observatory represents the pinnacle of investment in Koboh during the High Republic. It technically sits above the mountain, rather than on it; a series of powerful repulsorlifts suspending several platforms among the peaks. The heart of the facility is the grand oculus, a massive viewing station that the Jedi and Republic scientists used to study every facet of the Koboh Abyss. 
The orbiting moon of Koboh hangs in the space above the planet like a warning. Grievously damaged in some past disaster, huge chunks of crust and mantle spew from the moon's wounded surface, trailing across nearby space. It is understood that pieces of this catastrophe once fell below to Koboh, resulting in much of the damage strewn across its surface. In the time before, however, a vast facility was erected on the satellite moon by the Republic, who used it for research and development as they intensified their studies into the Koboh system and its anomalous properties.
The outfit of an ISB officer. While known for being terrifyingly formal, Imperial attire is not known for being comfortable.
The palm fruit shell blossoms into a wide brim of leaves, to provide shade for its vulnerable stem.
The partisans were forced to flee. The Empire drove them back, into the Shadowlands. I hope they made it.
The partisans were pinned down here. They were eventually overrun and had to retreat. They suffered heavy casualties.
The pesky flame beetle is a flying insectoid known for its bioluminescent, combustible posterior. These creatures synthesize chemicals derived from local flora into a highly flammable derivative. Extreme caution should be exercised when in close proximity.
The piasa reigns over the skies and plains as one of Koboh's apex predators - a terror to any creature caught in its sights. The nomadic creature rarely perches, and its temporary habitation of the Forest Array may indicate either injury or distress...
The pilot of Cal's crew, Bravo is a veteran soldier who fought alongside Saw Gerrera. Cal and Bravo have run many successful missions together in their struggle against the Empire.
The pine fern presents a new hue depending on the climate where it is planted.
The planet from which the palm fruit shell originated was once temperate, until an unknown geological event caused its atmosphere to weaken, flooding the planet with heat and intensity from the system's star. Most plant life on the surface quickly died, including many of the palm fruit shell's genus. However, the plant's wide-brimmed leaf provided just enough cover for its tender stems, keeping the species alive until a sample could be rescued by conservationists.
The pools are filled with volcanic mud that bubbles up through fissures from deep beneath the surface. Bilemaws frequently lounge in these pools, becoming covered in, and fortified by, the substance. This second skin is very similar to the basalt columns that define the landscape.
The positioning of this flow pipe across two reservoirs indicates that it was used to control the movement of tar between the dams, in order to maintain a safe level for prospectors to work.
The powerful and imposing Ninth Sister has only grown more rage-fueled and vengeful in the years since first facing Cal Kestis. A mechanically-enhanced Dowutin, her brute strength alone can overpower foes, but she also possesses a natural empathic ability to read the minds of others. This, combined with her mastery of the Force and raw, rage-driven strength make her one of the deadliest warriors in the Inquisitorius.
The pre-eminent thermal garment, famed for its function and style from the Outer Rim to the Deep Core.
The primary source of gossip and rumors in the local saloon, Harr has lived in the community for a long time and knows a little about everyone.
The prospectors envisioned many grand projects for Koboh. Most were never realized, but an elevator for transporting hauls from the mountain summit was somehow completed successfully.
The prospectors who first came to Koboh found the basin valley the best spot to put down roots, naming it 'Rambler's Reach Valley'. Flanked by rugged mountains, winding canyons, forests and swamps, the valley is well-placed at the center of it all. A dry, craggy place, it is nevertheless home to varied wildlife and flora which, despite the valley's challenging environment, remain determined to eke out an existence.
The prospectors who tried exploring this cavern met unfortunate ends. One, caught by some peril deeper into the cave network, managed to crawl back before succumbing to their wounds, just meters from the entrance.
The prospectors, grown used to the aid of their roller mines, were surprised and horrified when one day they suddenly turned against them - with catastrophic results.
The quadruped creatures have adapted over many centuries to traverse the myriad tar pits, and extract the barest nutrients from clusters of detritus caught on the surface.
The rank of Imperial Officer is ubiquitous throughout the leadership hierarchy of the Imperial military; it exists above other specialized titles such as Supervisor. The level of each officer is displayed by the number and color of pips on their rank badge, which is often, but not always, pinned to the upper left of their standard-issue tunic.
The rare Oggdo Bogdo is a fiendishly formidable abomination, even deadlier than its common relative. This hyper aggressive predator attacks with ferocity, constantly maneuvering toward its prey to inflict greater injury at close range. The creature's speed and stamina are unmatched, making it difficult to parry or strike its lightsaber-resistant shell straight on.
The regurgitative acidic discharge from a standard bilemaw is well-known and well-feared, yet it pales in comparison to that from this beast, known infamously on Koboh as the 'Vile Bilemaw'. Far angrier and far more belligerent than any other bilemaw, its bile is said to be able to even melt through ferrocrete.
The remains of a Zeffonian laborer. They were overworked to the point of death.
The remains of a prospector, who stumbled into a tar reservoir. They panicked and slipped into the pit, where the sucking tar caught fast and sealed their fate.
The remains of a stormtrooper. Killed when the tunnel collapsed due to Imperial excavation.
The remains of a villager who died trying to save his family from the Empire.
The remains of an Imperial officer who attempted to hide a relic in the cave. During a collapse, she was trapped and died.
The remains of ancient artifacts, deliberately destroyed for some purpose.
The remains of ancient wares crafted by the Zeffo. Perhaps used for rituals.
The retreating Partisans were ultimately rescued from Imperial forces by the Wookiee Chieftain Tarfful.
The rigors of daily training exact a toll on Padawan, who seek for themselves islands of peace and leisure, away from their masters' watchful eyes.
The roller mine is a Koboh curiosity. Although it is known to be a Koboh original creation, and presumably made for blasting through rock and debris, its true origins lie shrouded in some mystery. Some say it was created by one of Koboh's earliest prospectors - a prolific inventor - but no single story can corroborate another on the matter.
The rugged planet of Koboh was once the frontier of the Republic's reach for centuries, but is now little more than a shadow on the edge of the Outer Rim. In the wake of the Republic's departure, Koboh became a home for a community of prospectors looking to strike it rich from the planet's natural resources and lost treasures. Lacking in much of either, however, and plagued by bandit incursions, Koboh has settled into a dusty, mostly forgotten galactic footnote.
The saava is a snake-like flora primarily located in the Shadowlands of Kashyyyk. Parasitic by nature, they are capable of slowly extending the length of their body toward prey within reach or close contact. Their vine-like skin is resistant to any laceration and upon contact, will attach itself to a host, supplying themselves with nutrients for months or sometimes years. They are slow at expanding and quick to retract at any signs of danger.
The sardonic Ninth Sister joins the Second Sister in hunting for Cal Kestis on Bracca. A powerful Dowutin, the Ninth Sister's presence creates terror wherever she goes - a fact she relishes. 
The scattered debris of a rudimentary encampment. Whoever was here possessed some mechanical ability, but no evidence of their work remains.
The scattered debris of a squatter's camp; just one of many found in the recesses of the Coruscant underworld, populated by refugees displaced by Imperial expansion, as well as abandoned veterans of its wars.
The scout trooper is a variant of the Imperial stormtrooper, often dispatched alongside their standard counterparts to assist with reconnaissance and patrol. Their lighter armor gives them increased mobility, while their electrobaton is ideal for crowd control. Their skill in melee combat allows them to go toe-to-toe even against a lightsaber, however briefly.
The secretive but powerful Purge trooper division is tasked by the Imperial Inquisitorius with hunting down and eliminating rogue survivors of the Jedi Order - traitors to the Empire. They mostly provide support to Inquisitors as they hunt their quarry across the galaxy, and are highly-trained in a variety of combat styles. | @ | @ Purge trooper commanders employ high-capacity blaster rifles and cachés of stun grenades to incapacitate and - if needed - apprehend their treasonous foes.
The security systems within the Fortress are a complex network controlling bridges, wings, gates and portals. By employing a multi-tier fail-safe structure, the Empire controls every corner of the facility, providing immediate response to any breach. If necessary, the entire fortress may be purposely compromised or flooded to prevent the escape of prisoners.
The see fish may not be the rarest of all fish, but it is nevertheless a tricky creature to catch, on account of its agility. Found most often at higher elevations, the see fish has learned to flit and dodge through the water, to make it harder for airborne predators to gain purchase.
The senator's yacht is under heavy fire, with Bravo still inside. Cal rushes to his aid.
The settlement's structure served as a central point for the Jedi on Koboh, its spires deliberately calling back to the distinctive towers of the Jedi Temple on Coruscant.
The simple, unadorned robes of a Jedi. Steeped in millennia of history.
The skull of an ancient Zeffo killed during a horrific disaster millennia ago.
The small-time bandits who used Koboh as a refuge were offered a choice - one that split the group in two. The resolution to this dispute was decided in conflict.
The snakefish thrives in the oases of Jedha's desert, where the frigid waters provide a natural coolant for the serpentine fish. Though the desert is barren, the snakefish requires only the barest amount to survive. The frequent sandstorms that pummel the high desert often deposit nutrient-rich detritus in the pools, which can feed the snakefish for months at a time.
The spine fluff is a shock of vibrant tufts, intermingled with surprisingly sharp quills.
The spine fluff was first discovered on a planet teeming with predatory creatures, each vying for dominance over the environment. The spine fluff - much-valued by beasts for their nutrient-rich bulbs - developed camouflaged spines. Nestled amongst the attractive plumage are spines sharp enough to draw blood, and hopefully deter any predator looking for a meal.
The still proud, but hastily-modified, garb of one who once had, and then lost, everything.
The strong prey on the weak - and the oblivious. Mogu are known and feared for their indiscriminate appetite, killing and consuming anything they can stomach.
The structure of these bones suggests a large reptilian creature. An analysis of elements within the bones date them as old as 1000 years.
The tach is a tree-dwelling primate native to the planet Kashyyyk. These friendly creatures can often be found on the ground searching for overripe fruits.
The tar pits of Koboh are vast, and numerous. Presumably, they existed long before any prospector first settled on Koboh, as their crude dams and reservoirs exist primarily to funnel tar away from potential prospecting sites.
The tasks within the Jedi chambers presented trying, painful challenges, the likes of which many Jedi hadn't experienced since their struggles as learners.
The tasks within the Jedi chambers presented trying, painful challenges, the likes of which many Jedi hadn't experienced since their struggles as learners.
The temple refugees were evacuated so suddenly it's a miracle that any of them made it out alive.
The three remaining survivors gather and make plans to get off of Coruscant.
The towering trontoshells are as much a landmark of Koboh as the majestic mountains or cratered swamps. Usually found looming over the path into Dredger Gorge, they subsist on a fully herbivorous diet, though those who get up close to the inquisitive creature's enormous mouth often find themselves doubting if that's the case.
The towers atop a Lucrehulk core were primarily for communication, high-level administration and ship control. As such an 'executive suite' of escape pods is available for the high command, in the need of a swift departure.
The trials of Koboh were testing enough, but whatever mission the Jedi were preparing for was almost certainly greater. No Jedi, therefore, would be allowed to fall behind.
The trials of Koboh were testing enough, but whatever mission the Jedi were preparing for was almost certainly greater. No Jedi, therefore, would be allowed to fall behind.
The tuber maw attempts to be visually off-putting, to hide its innocuous and harmless behavior.
The undeniably dignified attire of someone who insists on fitting in, no matter where they roam.
The underworld of Coruscant is an unforgiving place, but a refuge for the destitute and dispossessed. Hovels and camps in the streets and alleys are not uncommon, and a sign of the inequality that yet festers under the Empire.
The unexpected invasion of Tanalorr forced the Order to flee their new sanctuary. How the Nihil discovered Tanalorr remains a mystery.
The unofficial mayor of Koboh, Doma has seen the outpost's ups and downs over the decades. Of all her many tasks, the most difficult is keeping Turgle alive.
The vile Bane Back Spider is a venomous foe to be reckoned with. Primarily a hole dweller, they are known to skitter and climb with agility. When encountered, they can project venomous saliva at enemies with a range of up to twelve meters. Caution should be taken if they are killed due to emission of a toxic acid that will pool out from the corpse upon death.
The viscid lurker dwells in the dark places of Koboh, shying away from natural light when it can help it, and feeding on the water-borne mites and krill that are only found in sunless places. Dangerous by nature, their tendrils emit a sharp electrical shock; enough to sting a grown species, but entirely lethal to those a lurker considers its prey.
The wanderer is revealed to be Taron Malicos, a former Jedi now in hiding. Betrayed by his own troopers during Order 66, he crashed on Dathomir where he succumbed to darkness and madness. Seeking a return to power, he has manipulated Merrin and the Nightbrothers in an effort to learn the secrets of their magick.
The wreckage of an Imperial TIE Fighter, seemingly shot down during a routine patrol by what seemed to be a ship from the Clone Wars.
Their attacks are powerful but slow, leaving brief openings for you to attack. Be patient, cautious, and quick on your feet.
Their jetpack allows them to resist some Force powers, but not all.
Their shield protects against lightsaber attacks, but only when activated.
Their shields can be dragged away using Force Pull.
There are two locations to research Tanalorr: Dagan's retreat back on Koboh, or a laboratory on its Shattered Moon.
There are very few who have ever managed to escape the clutches of Darth Vader, and those who do gain only a short reprieve. A master of the Force and all its facets, this mechanized human attacks with relentless power, never tiring and never stopping until his prey is utterly destroyed.
There is a garden on the roof of the saloon, accessed via the stairs. It could be worth seeing if anything is growing there.
There is also a workbench in the back of the Mantis.
There was a battle aboard the ship, forcing it to fall out of hyperspace and crash on this planet.
There was a special connection between the Wookiees and their forest.
There were those on Koboh who chose a more pastoral life, away from the sharp toil of excavating priorite. Yet the Raiders, when they came, were indiscriminate in their persecution of the populace.
There's a spare gyro in Greez's basement, but who knows what else awaits Cal down there?
There's enough rations and supplies here to sustain a rigorous multi-day journey. Various scientific instruments and cartography tools were also laboriously packed for the trip.
There's valuable military intel on the senator's yacht, if Cal and BD-1 can intercept it before the Empire.
Thermal Vent
These Nightsisters never got a proper burial. We're walking in a graveyard.
These Republic devices were used to read atmospheric pressure patterns unique to Koboh. Their latching mechanisms allowed them to be bundled together, and reeled in during adverse weather.
These anxious, greedy droids are a familiar sight wherever there is abandoned material up for grabs. Thought to have been originally created to bring valuable scrap to their owners, these droids now roam independently, hoarding whatever valuables they can find with their grubby mechanical hands.
These curious 'wind walls' were used to manipulate the region's gales. Their mixed metal construction liken their circular openings to more familiar wind instruments.
These droids pre-date the Clone Wars by approximately two hundred years, having been initially created to aid in the movement of material around the moon's enormous facility.
These excavation saws were specifically designed to cut through planetary bedrock, giving the Empire access to secrets thousands of kilometers below the surface.
These generators charge the air with highly-excited energy currents, similar in both power and danger to interstellar ionic storms. From the looks of the structure's rampant rust and overgrowth, it hasn't been put to use in several decades.
These high-voltage electricity conduits once powered the Venator's engines. Capable of generating up to 1 gigaton of energy each, Republic safety precautions required there be no living entities in the area while they were operational.
These monuments once served as landmarks and memorials for the departed. The Villagers on Zeffo possessed deep respect for the dead, acknowledging that their struggles enabled the survival of the living. It's possible these stone sculptures were inspired by ancient Zeffo architecture. 
These music tracks can be played at Pyloon's Saloon, provided the jukebox is functioning.
These orbs contain artificially condensed Koboh dust, storing the potential energy within them. When harvested by the right conductor, one can use the orbs to transport the power of Koboh dust like a portable battery.
These reinforced shields - dispensed to Imperial riot forces - were designed to sustain heavy, destructive assaults and have even proven resistant to lightsaber strikes. The standard armor of the trooper wielding this shield, however, offered no such additional benefits.
These relics contain materials that aren't native to Bogano. Their fragile structure indicates they were purely decorative, potentially objects of religious significance. It's possible they were carried here as a form of pilgrimage. | @ 
These scars bear the hallmarks of a lightsaber. Perhaps the ancient people succeeded in inviting Jedi to their planet.
These scraps served as cairns for the droids who helped build the research station on Bogano. Without their help, little would be known about the Zeffo or their Vault.
These specialized Imperial flamethrowers have been modified to more effectively incinerate Kashyyyk's wildlife. 
These statues were carved from the natural cavern walls. They depict Zeffo holding spheres - possibly the same kind used to power their tombs.
These warriors knew a life of crime and battle long before they were Bedlam Raiders. Such experience and skill is rewarded with responsibility and equipment: armed with a pronged electrostaff and a jetpack, Raider veterans can bring pain and misery to their opponents from both land and air.
These water filters rely on the planet's algae to purify drinking water. Impurities are removed by the algae and used as fuel to create water and minerals in a process known as chemosynthesis. The result converts the water's natural acids into drinkable water.
Theses of Yaddle
They can also parry your attacks - be ready to defend yourself when they do.
They can block a small number of lightsaber strikes.
They can only fly in short bursts; close the gap and strike as they return to the ground.
They strike erratically, but most attacks can be blocked, creating openings to strike back after evading them.
They will try to roll away when you get close, but don't give up - you will eventually corner them.
This Wookiee died from toxic poisoning. One of the many side effects from the refining process. The Empire is slowly destroying everything on this planet.
This action will replace one or more plants.
This ancient Zeffo sarcophagus holds the remains of Sage Eilram. They were the first of the Zeffo to establish a relationship with the inhabitants of Kashyyyk, and loved the planet's greenery dearly. Now, their remains are forever interred beneath the roots of a stone wroshyr tree.
This area has clearly been fashioned into a hideaway for a small child, perhaps that they might while away the time as their guardians toiled the nearby caverns.
This area is off limits. Imperial Code 94364: No selling or trading.
This bag belonged to a Jedi Master who tried to provide their Youngling with wisdom.
This bird may be the last of its kind. The others are long gone.
This bogling fought back against an Oggdo, desperately trying to protect its family.
This communal space was open to any who wished to gather and profess their faith, regardless of denomination or calling.
This creature seems friendly. You should return once you find a way to communicate with it
This gathering hall is the largest remaining place of respite along the Pilgrim's Path.
This icon appears when a file save is in progress. Do not turn off your PC while it is shown.
This icon appears when a file save is in progress. Do not turn off your console while it is shown.
This icon appears when a file save is in progress. Do not turn off your console while it is shown.
This idol symbolizing the wind suggests that the original architects of Pilgrim's Sanctuary held the region's winds with high regard.
This keycode will open the locked door in Doma's shop.
This lieutenant is a skilled duelist; watch out for parries and counter-attacks.
This motor allows BD-1 to travel up ziplines.
This refinery was designed only with yield in mind, no thought given to the comfort or safety of the incarcerated. Wookiee workers are chained together with no privacy, often covered in mud or dangerous industrial byproducts.
This relief depicts Kujet casting their enemies into the pits below.
This rotating oculus is powered by the same Koboh matter as the Forest Array. This larger model indicates that Republic scientists created the prototype for later designs focusing on compactness and efficiency.
This seven-stringed hallikset once belonged to the Jedi Cere Junda, who composed music with it. Using psychometry, Cal was also able to play it, which is perhaps why Cere left it with him after she departed the Mantis.
This ship crashed long ago, but there was a survivor, someone who understood the Force. Most likely a Padawan. He was injured.
This skill has prerequisites that are not met yet
This skill has prerequisites that are not met yet
This spruced-up B2 Battle Droid was a pet project of several Raiders, who managed to overclock the droid's processes so that they would attack faster and more aggressively. Naming the droid 'Beetu Deetu', the Bedlam Raiders sought every opportunity to test them in the field.
This station was abandoned. Imperial patrols used it as a checkpoint. It must have been overrun at some point by dangerous animals in the area.
This statue was placed carefully on a site with a view of the Vault. An indication that the ancients here chose the location of the Vault with great purpose.
This structure has been here for centuries. It appears the only way to open the Vault is by using the Force.
This trooper was ruthlessly killed by Saw Gerrera. Remind me not to get on his bad side.
This variant is less mobile and lacks a blaster cannon; keep distance from it and take care of its allies first.
This will erase all progress in this game file.
This will remove all the plants in the {PlotName} and return their seeds into your inventory.
Those Jedi who die, and whose bodies can be recovered, are afforded the final honor of a funeral pyre. Though the body is committed to fire, it is believed that no Jedi is truly gone, as they become one with the wider Force, which Jedi believe to be a power which binds the entire universe. In this way, a Jedi's spirit may endure forever.
Though aggressive, they are no match for a Jedi and will quickly fall apart when repeatedly attacked. 
Though bound to Koboh by purpose, the Jedi nevertheless begin to harbour misgivings about the ways in which their mission is proceeding.
Though it was never built for creature comfort, the Raiders were nevertheless determined to transform the Lucrehulk into a space they could live, as well as wage war.
Though the sands of Jedha are vast, there is no heat to be found. The planet is blighted by a permanent winter, meaning the days remain cold, and the nights even more so. Jedha - known formerly as NiJedha - has long had a special significance to those who worship the Force - various cults have erected great temples and edifices over the millennia, which can be found throughout the crags and mesas in various states of ruin. Jedha remains a hub for religious cults and pilgrims, seeking to find a greater understanding of the Force among Jedha's frigid spires.
Though weakened from his stasis, he is still able to defend himself against some Force Powers.
Three new Perks are available: Purity, Warrior, and Trendsetter
Three pilgrims come across an oasis, saving them from certain death. They attribute this mercy to an act of the Force.
Three pilgrims make their way dutifully, across the Jedha desert. Their provisions are low and their situation is grim.
Through a rare ability known as Psychometry, Cal can receive information from the Force when he touches certain items
Throw Damage
Throw the lightsaber at an enemy 3 times
Throw your lightsaber for a powerful ranged attack.
Tibanna
Tilt
Timer Expired
Timeworn Bridge
Tint
Tints
Tints Discovered
Tired and utilitarian, this apparel calls back to a more civilized age.
To
To Start a New Journey +, you'll need to select a previously used game file to delete. Proceed to overwrite game file?
To Start a New Journey, you'll need to select a previously used game file to delete. Proceed to overwrite game file?
To confirm.
To control tests effectively, the inner laboratory's temperature is strictly regulated by a master control unit in the laboratory's atrium.
To fail at the trials presented on Koboh was not an option for the Jedi, who were determined to persist until at last they found success.
To fail at the trials presented on Koboh was not an option for the Jedi, who were determined to persist until at last they found success.
To prevent them from cloaking, try Force Pushing them into a wall to break the cloaking device.
To the south of Jedha's great desert lie more ruins that Master Cordova sought out. To continue following his journey, and feel the resonance of the Force there, you should seek it out.
To the talented and determined mechanic, even a wrecked droid can find a new purpose. A gun platform can be fashioned, for instance, from a droideka's pneumatic blaster arms.
Toa
Toa
Toa
Toa believes she's discovered the location of another High Republic meditation chamber. There's a large silo in the Valley, of odd construction and mysterious history. It's said something ancient is hidden within...
Toa couldn't stop talking about a High Republic chamber of some kind further into the forest. She implores you to investigate it in her stead.
Toa has heard about another High Republic chamber, this time in the swamp. Once again, however, she feels you would be better suited to investigate.
Toa has once more heard of another High Republic meditation chamber in the valley, but she fears it will require some acrobatic skills to reach it...
Toa has once more picked up some info about a potential location for a High Republic meditation chamber. In the foothills of the mountain, so it's said, one is hiding behind a waterfall. Toa would appreciate if you could check it out.
Toggle
Toggle Attachment
Toggle Cere's Switch
Toggle Hold Pull
Toggle On/Off
Toggle Show Vent
Toggle Slow Mode
Toggle Subtitles
Toggle UI
Toggle between standard audio mix and dialogue boost for increased dialogue audibility.
Toggle to automatically lock onto a target during combat.
Toggle to enable a centered dot on the screen that helps minimize motion sickness.
Toggle to reduce messaging to only include critical messages.
Toggles automatic activation of slow-motion mode when Cal enters combat.
Toggles how the player interacts with button mashes and quick time events.
Toggles how the player interacts with button mashes and quick time events.
Toggles how the player interacts with button mashes and quick time events.
Toggles mono sound mix.
Toggles slow motion mode.
Toggling Ray Tracing
Tomb Guardian
Tomb Guardian
Tomb Guardians are vulnerable during powerful attacks. Use Pull to interrupt them.
Tomb Guardians are vulnerable during powerful attacks. Use Push to interrupt them.
Tomb Guardians are vulnerable to Push during powerful attacks.
Tomb of Eilram
Tomb of Eilram
Tomb of Kujet
Tomb of Miktrull
Tools left by a worker in haste to locate Zeffo relics and careless of the surroundings.
Topa
Total Cost
Touch Pad
Tower
Tower
Tower Transit Passage
Traces of a camp used by someone excited to study a large creature they referred to as a "Binog".
Track Bounty
Track Rumor
Tracked
Trade these for Perks from Zee.| @ | @ Found in High Republic ruins.
Trade these for gear from Caij Vanda.| @ | @ Found by completing Bounties.
Trade these for gear from Sister Taske on Jedha.| @ | @ Found across Jedha.
Trailhead Pantheon
Train
Train to attack with your lightsaber.
Train to block enemy attacks.
Train with Jaro to hone your skills. You may leave at anytime
Training
Training
Training Courtyard
Training Shirt
Training Shirt
Training is currently unavailable
Training ritual relic used by Zeffo Force-users for generations in their pursuit of understanding.
Tram
Tram
Transient Motion
Transmission
Trapped by the infamous Sorc Tormo, Cal and BD were forced to fight fearsome creatures. During the show, the Mantis burst into the Haxion Brood's lair to rescue them. The reunion was an unhappy one, however. Cal learned the Brood found him because Greez lied about paying off his debts. Even worse, Cal was still reeling from his discovery that Cere had given up Trilla under torture. Cere and Cal's argument was cut short by a transmission from Mari Kosan, who'd found Tarfful in Kashyyyk's Shadowlands...
Travel
Travel Here
Travel to Cere's Base
Travel to Koboh
Travel to Planet
Travel to other Meditation Points on this Planet
Travel up and down ziplines
Traveler
Traveling to the Vault
Traversable Gaps
Treacherous Approach
Treachery
Treasure Found
Treasures
Treasures
Trendsetter
Trespassers of the Storm
Trials
Trials
Triangle Button
Trigger Effect Function
Trilla
Trilla Suduri
Trilla Suduri
Trilla Suduri
Trilla Suduri Defeated
Trilla was once Cere's Padawan. As Second Sister of the Inquisitorius, she hunted Cal and nearly obtained the holocron, which contained data on Force Sensitives throughout the galaxy. A confrontation with Trilla at the Fortress Inquisitorius was cut short when Darth Vader appeared.
Trimantium
Tritanope
Tritanopia
Trontoshell
Trontoshell
Trooper Body Title
Trooper Body entry
Trooper will reload after firing, providing time to close the distance and strike.
Trophies and keepsakes from various planets controlled by the Empire. A collection befitting a connoisseur of Galactic curiosities, they were no doubt taken forcefully from their planet of origin.
Trust
Trust
Trust Only in the Force
Truth
Try experimenting with the Holomap controls
Try to time Force powers against Bode's moves to interrupt them, especially those difficult to evade.
Tuber Maw
Tuber maws ended up with a reputation as an unwanted weed after curious collectors took samples, admiring the small plant's purple heart. However, when they blossomed into an unruly shock of tubers, many found them visually unappealing and discarded them. Able to survive in the cracks and crevices of society, they continued to thrive, despite no longer being valued by the horticultural elite.
Tulakt
Tulakt
Tulakt
Tulakt Defeated
Tulakt's Units
Tulli
Tulli Defeated
Tulli Mu and Bhima Ook
Tulli runs her own holotactics game with the help of her diminutive employee Bhima, who possesses an outsized personality and gift for gab.
Tulli's Units
Tundra (Premium Content)
Tundra (Premium Content)
Tuner required to unlock
Turbine Facility
Turbo Dogs
Turbo Dogs, a local favorite. Several exposés have attempted to shed light on the popular product's meat sourcing, but this has done nothing to dampen its appeal.
Turf Wars
Turgle
Turgle
Turgle
Turgle
Turgle Defeated
Turgle Makes a Deal
Turgle and a Raider get into an accidental altercation, the result of which is a stain on Turgle's conscience that cannot be easily erased.
Turgle let slip that he found the tech that brought the Raiders down upon him in a facility at the heart of Rambler's Reach Valley. He says there's more curious items there, if you're interested.
Turgle's Shiny Shell
Turgle's Units
Turgle, Saved
Turgle, having crossed the ruthless Bedlam Raiders, attempts to take shelter in a nearby cave. Failing to shake his pursuers, however, he begs for his life, making a dark bargain he will later come to regret.
Tutorials Enabled
Twin Pull
Twin Stance
Twin Vipers
Two Anchorites give their perspective on the other cults - concluding best to keep to themselves and not become embroiled in wider Jedha politics.
Two High Republic scientists are discussing the stellar anomaly and their work on the facility. Despite a disagreement on the exact goal of their work, both are aligned in continuing the research.
Two Jedi - a Knight and a Padawan - discuss their circumstances. The Padawan expressed a grim amusement at seeming so far from their purpose, only to be chided by her master.
Two Jedi Knights discuss their struggling student, and the nature of growth.
Two Jedi are locked in fervent discussion about the arrival of one Jedi Master - Dagan Gera - and what it could mean for their work on Koboh.
Two Jedi assess their fate, in the wake of the devastation on Koboh. The sobering conclusion is that no help will be coming for them.
Two Jedi destroy a device as Dagan Gera arrives, too late to stop them. In a fit of rage and revenge, Dagan kills both Jedi in cold blood.
Two Jedi discuss the burgeoning Abyss project, and whether its success will merit the current investment into Koboh.
Two Jedi of the High Republic find a quiet spot, away from prying eyes, to discuss their purpose on the Shattered Moon.
Two Padawan place a friendly wager over who can finish the task first, with the loser doomed to a fate that, to them, must have seemed monumental.
Two Republic Jedi are locked in conversation, discussing the differences between their new home on Koboh, and their old, familiar lives back in the Galactic capital.
Two Republic Jedi muse on Santari Khri and her aims. They seem particularly impressed by her zeal for this mission.
Two Republic Padawan dote over Dagan's heroic journey through the Abyss, and imagine that they too could be as courageous as he, one day.
Two Republic scientists conduct tests with unacceptable results. The only path forward, one suggests, is to further reinforce their apparatus.
Two Republic scientists express doubts as to whether their mission in the Koboh system is really worth pursuing.
Two Republic scientists have grown excited by the discoveries they have made in the caverns, but cannot further analyze them without additional investigative equipment, located elsewhere.
Two prospectors are gazing over the waterfall. One slips and is saved by the other. They shake it off before heading on.
Two prospectors were investigating the swamp, seeing if they could haul chunks of the broken Lucrehulk away to sell, and risking the ire of the Raiders in doing so.
Two prospectors, despite the odds, made it deep into the cave networks. However, they find themselves trapped, and lament that this may be their end...
Two prospectors, despite the odds, made it deep into the cave networks. However, they find themselves trapped, and lament that this may be their end...
Two prospectors, determined to push on into the mountain's more treacherous climes, survey what lies ahead of them.
Two-Tone Alloy
Two-Tone Brass
Two-Tone Chrome
Two-Tone Dark
Two-Tone Metal
Two-Tone Splatter
Twofold Reflection
Types
Typically, relters do not leave their eggs unguarded for long. However, with the rise of the Bedlam Raiders on Koboh, the valley ecosystem has caused relters to fly further, and longer, in search of food.
UI
UI Artist
UNEXPECTED ERROR
Ultra Performance
Ultra Performance
Ultra Quality
Umbara
Umbaran Campaign (Premium Content)
Unavailable
Unavailable
Unavailable in Combat
Unavailable in Combat
Unbind Input
Unblockable
Unblockable Attack
Unblockable attacks can immobilize, continuing to do damage the longer the hold continues.
Unblockable, debilitating strikes will immobilize you and create opportunities for additional attacks.
Unbound
Unbreakable Bonds
Uncapped
Uncoiled Strikes
Uncollected
Unconventional materials, such as bone and pearl, as well as re-fused metals, to provide a unconventional look.
Undead Nightsister
Undercity Industry
Undercity Meats
Undercity Meats
Undercity Skylanes
Undercut
Undercut
Underground Canals
Underwater Breather
Undiscovered
Undiscovered
Undiscovered Area
Undiscovered Area
Undiscovered Area
Unencumbered by layers of additional - arguably extraneous - fabric.
Unequip Perk
Unequip some of your current Perks, or upgrade your maximum Perk slots.
Unequip some of your current Perks.
Unequipped
Unexplored
Unexplored Path
Unflinching
Unfortunately, the PS4™ System Save Data could not be imported.
Unfound Chests, Stim Upgrades, and BD-1 Upgrades are now shown on the Holomap
Unfound Databank entities are | @ now shown on the Holomap
Unfound Relics (Priorite Shards, Jedha | @ Scrolls, and Datadiscs) are now | @ shown on the Holomap
Unfound Seed Pods are now | @ shown on the Holomap
Unfound Upgrades are now | @ shown on the Holomap
Unheard Echo
Unique Metal
Unique Non-Metal
Unknown
Unknown Enemy
Unknown to his co-pilots, Greez hides a dangerous secret: a large gambling debt to the Haxion Brood. While tracking Greez, the Brood's ruthless bounty hunters discover he's travelling with a Jedi, a much more valuable prize. They capture Cal and BD-1 for payback against Greez's debt. Greez and Cere rescue Cal, defeating the Brood and forcing Greez to come to terms with his addiction.
Unlike other Dathomirian fungi, the bleeding gut does not reproduce using spores. Instead their cells divide spontaneously, gradually forming small pods which burst open when fully matured. Some varieties have been known to grow extra stalks. 
Unlike other commandos, you must break their block in order to deal damage.
Unlike other grenades, the grenadier's cluster grenades are resistant to Force abilities.
Unlock more fast travel points on this planet to travel quickly between areas
Unlock the Vault to Reveal the Holocron
Unlock the ability to perform Dash Strike while airborne.
Unlockable
Unlocked
Unlocked Areas
Unlocks a powerful strike that is deadly against weaker enemies.
Unobtained Droid Upgrade
Unobtained Lost Treasure
Unobtained Seed
Unobtained Stim Upgrade
Unobtained Upgrade
Unobtained Upgrade
Unopened Chest
Unopened Chest
Unpredictable, unrelenting and agile with a lightsaber.
Unpredictable, unrelenting and agile with a lightsaber.
Unrelenting Pull
Unseen Scan
Unshielded Generator
Unsupported
Untamed Downs
Untrack Bounty
Untrack Rumor
Unusual Silo
Up
Up
Up 2
Upgrade
Upgrade BD-1 to use this
Upgrade the Skill Tree
Upgraded Ascension Cable
Uplifting the Fallen
Upon crossing the temple threshold, travelers are invited to meditate upon their pilgrimage before embarking upon their next journey.
Upon death, corpse will emit a toxic acid.
Upon finally reaching Cere's Base, the group was greeted by Jedi Master Eno Cordova - to BD-1's great delight. Within the base, they were reunited with Cere, who explained her group's purpose - to rebuild the Jedi Archive, as well as support an organization protecting Force-sensitive individuals from the Empire, known as the Hidden Path.| @ | @ With the Mantis crew together again for the first time in many years, Cal detailed their search for Tanalorr. Master Cordova, springing to action, provides two locations that may yield the answer to crossing the Koboh Abyss...
Upon first seeing a goldenlight moss, many are convinced that the plant is capable of self-locomotion, owing to the leg-like roots that support the plant's base. This is not entirely untrue. Although the moss cannot move conventionally, the roots do grow vertically, working in concert with the yellow-white blossoms to chase the sunlight.
Upon learning that Cal is a Jedi, BD-1 reveals an encrypted memory log of Jedi Master Eno Cordova. The log proves vital to beginning Cal's quest and guiding him on the journey to retrieve the holocron.
Upon reprogramming the Lucrehulk's army to serve him, Rayvis then sought to test whether his work had been fully successful.
Upper Gorge
Upper Staging Area
Upper Strangled Cliffs
Uppercut
Urgost, Fist of Rayvis
Urjef Mekor
Urjef Mekor
Usage Sharing
Use
Use Holotable
Use Parry to stagger weaker enemies
Use Pull when Gorgara is dazed.
Use Push to stop Gorgara's trample.
Use Slow to disrupt Gorgara's quick strikes.
Use Slow to give yourself time to heal
Use Target Lock to keep track of Trilla as she dashes.
Use Target Lock to keep track of Trilla as she dashes.
Use Target Lock to keep track of the Second Sister as she dashes.
Use Target Lock to reveal and switch between Gorgara's weak points.
Use Workbench
Use at {DynamicText}'s Shop
Use extreme caution, keep an eye on him at all times; some attacks may be parried.
Use stim canisters to heal Cal
Use the Force on objects with an outline
Use the Force.
Use the Holomap to identify the Landing Pad and Meditation Circle.
Use the Holomap to identify the Vault.
Use the Holotable on the Mantis
Use the Saloon's Jukebox
Use the Workbench
Use while BD-1 is attached to special electrical panels
Use your lightsaber to prevent oncoming damage.
Use your lightsaber to prevent oncoming damage.
Use your skills to reach the goal
Use {MoveLeftAnalogX} and Press {Evade} to evade enemy attacks
Use {MoveRightAnalogX} to switch between targets.
Used in high security Imperial bases, an electron wall only allows non-organics to pass through unharmed. Anything else is painfully admonished.
User Agreement
User Interface
Uses Force
Using Merrin's magicked charm, press {Evade} to dash through green laser gates
Using Slow also refills some Life.
Using a Force ability increases the damage of the next lightsaber attack.
VFX Artist
VSL Final Tutorial
VSync
Vader
Vader's strikes are staggeringly powerful - evading is more effective than blocking.
Vagabond
Valley Control Center
Valley Control Center
Valley Control Center
Valley Mouth
Valor and Wisdom
Valor and Wisdom II
Valor and Wisdom II
Vanguard (Premium Content)
Vanguard (Premium Content)
Vario
Various colors of rubber, given a textured finish for improved support.
Various colors of rubber, given a textured finish for improved support.
Various paint tones, providing a canvas for several different, but iconic looks.
Variously colored cloth wrappings, providing a touch of pragmatic style as well as enhanced grip.
Variously colored synthetic plastoid casings, for a solid but economic aesthetic.
Variously colored synthetic plastoid casings, for a solid but economic aesthetic.
Vashtan Wolfe
Vashtan Wolfe
Vaslyn Martz
Vaslyn Martz profited from a long career with the Black Sun before they were strong-armed by Sorc Tormo, who was impressed by Holonet-circulated footage of Martz single-handedly dispatching a senator's honor guard. Sorc paid the Black Sun handsomely for Vaslyn's buyout, regardless of their opinion on the matter.
Vault Requirements
Vehicle
Vehicle Weapon Left
Vehicle Weapon Right
Veiled Hangar
Venator Wreck
Venator Wreckage
Vent Angle
Vents
Vents only unfold in Crossguard Stance.
Verdant Gardens
Versatility
Veteran
Vibration
Vibration
Vibration
Vibration
Victorious Surrender
Video
Video 2
Video 3
Video 4
View
View Ability
View Button
View Distance
View Map
View Privacy & Cookie Policy
View User Agreement
View bounty list
View planet map
Vignette
Vile Bilemaw
Vile Bilemaw
Villager Shrine
Violet Silk
Viper Probe Droid
Viscid Bog
Viscid Bog
Viscid Bog
Viscid Lurker
Visible Enemies Only
Visit Doma's Shop
Visit Zee's Shop
Visit the Saloon's Garden
Visit the galaxy map on the Mantis to travel to Dathomir!
Visit the galaxy map on the Mantis to travel to Kashyyyk!
Visit the galaxy map on the Mantis to travel to Zeffo!
Visual Effects
Visual Effects
Visuals
Voice to the Past
Voices on the Wind
Void Challenge Complete
Void Training is now available.
Volcanic activity on Ilum forms hydrogeological vents of hot water ejected turbulently, often accompanied by steam. These geysers may change in size or duration based upon active volcanic episodes and ongoing mineral deposition.
Volume
Vortex Cave Echo Title
Vortex Dive
Vortex cave echo entry
Votive Candles
Vulnerable to attacks from behind
WARNING: Imported PS4™ Save Slots will overwrite existing PS5™ Save Slots.
WAVE
Wait for it to protrude its head, then strike for a quick kill.
Wait until Gorgara's wings are planted before striking.
Waiting for Game to finish saving...
Waiting longer to press attack after Cal swings his double-bladed lightsaber allows him to perform a continuous string of high-damage attacks.
Waiting longer to press attack after Cal swings his lightsaber allows him to perform a special attack with increased range.
Waiting longer to press attack after Cal swings his lightsaber allows him to perform a special attack with increased range.
Waiting longer to press attack allows Cal to perform a devastating dual-wield strike.
Waking Giants
Wall Run
Wall Run
Wan'yek Whett
Wanderer
Wanderer
Wanderer
Wanderer
Wanderer Shirt
Wanderer Tunic
Warm Metal
Warning
Warning
Warning Sign
Warning: Read Before Playing
Warning: Read Before Playing
Warrior
Watch its frills for clues to its movement and attacks.
Watch its movements, and be ready to dodge its charge
Watch out for Trilla's Drain! Any damage you take from it replenishes her Life.
Watch out for its grabs - attack after, when it's vulnerable.
Watch out for its leaping pounce attacks.
Watch out for the shock commando's counter attacks, especially their electric shockwave.
Water
Water
Water Filters
Water Treatment Works
Waterways Hint (temp)
Wave 1 Complete
Wave 2 Complete
Wave 3 Complete
Wave 4 Complete
Wave 5 Complete
Wavelength Honing Controls
Wayfarer
Wayfinder's Tomb
We collect data from your device to improve our products and services. If you have an EA Account, we will collect this data in connection with your EA Account. If you want to limit the collection of your device data to that which is necessary to provide online services, use the in-game Options menu. See EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy for more information. (Changes will be reflected in your next gameplay session.)
We collect data from your device to improve our products and services. If you have an EA Account, we will collect this data in connection with your EA Account. If you want to limit the collection of your device data to that which is necessary to provide online services, use the in-game Options menu. See EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy for more information. (Changes will be reflected in your next gameplay session.)
Weapon Cache
Weapon Materials
Weather Sensor
Weathered Monument
Weed
Welcome back to the Outpost
Well-Kept
Well-worn worker's undershirt and padded bracers, made for those who toil under relentless suns.
West Plot
What these simple boots and fabric pants lack in 'accepted' fashion, they make up in durability and practical style.
What was begun on Bogano has now spread beyond its bounds, seemingly unstoppable. Is this Oggdo the spawn of the legendary Bogdo, bent singularly on revenge for its fallen progenitor? It is impossible to say, but what is certain is this fearsome beast is as powerful as it is long-tongued.
What was once a Republic facility underneath the planet's surface has now - like so many things on Koboh - been overrun by the Raiders. A depot of droid parts, weaponry, and supplies is proof of Raider incursion into the caverns.
Whatever prospectors were doing here, it seems either the nearby Raider presence or the Swamp tar proved to be too much. This prospective site has been abandoned, and seemingly in a hurry.
Whatever purpose the droid Yuhong was built for is long lost, replaced now only for an unquenchable thirst for battle. Their name became briefly legendary in the Mid Rim, before a concerted effort to destroy the droid forced them to ply their trade in a more lawless sector of the galaxy. 
When Cal gives the word, Zee will activate the arrays, clearing a flight path through the Abyss for the Mantis crew.
When Malicos jumps in the air, get ready to dodge. He'll land with an unblockable attack.
When Rayvis forged the Raiders from disparate groups, he invited them to a new home in the crashed Lucrehulk. While some saw its potential immediately, others were more apprehensive.
When a Tomb Guardian exposes its energy sphere.
When a foreign fishing crew arrived to plunder Sakavi Tar's seas, Skoova struck a deal: he would lend them his talents on the condition that they never fish on his homeworld. He joined the crew and set off on the Grapnel, a starship captained by a vile Besalisk called Wan'yek Whett.
When approached, the spines that cover a bramlik's entire, spherical body extend outwards, deterring all threats; as such, they are known as 'spikers' by the locals. They are easily dispatched, but are mostly content to let strangers be, if they are in turn left in peace.
When catastrophe struck Koboh's moon, the laboratory was not spared. Personnel within the lab could only take cover and hope, as their carefully-curated experiments shattered around them.
When cloaked, try and use Force Push to knock them down and de-cloak them.
When equipped, Blaster Stance only uses one blade - half of the Lightsaber.
When equipped, Crossguard Stance adds new components to the saber - Vents and the Pommel
When equipped, Double-Bladed uses both blades - the entire Lightsaber.
When equipped, Dual Stance uses two blades separately - both halves of the Lightsaber.
When equipped, Single Stance only uses one blade - half of the Lightsaber. 
When facing down an Imperial assault, Merrin and Cal share a brief but meaningful kiss. She asks him to trust her, and with the Imperial attack behind them, it is clear that their relationship is taking a new direction.
When glowing, Power Core may be removed with external force and careful skill, allowing a critical attack on the Guardian.
When he throws environmental objects at you, Force Push them back.
When in blaster stance, Cal's blaster shots do more damage.
When provoked, phillaks' low vision makes it difficult to change course, often crashing into rocks when charging.
When struck by calamity, the evacuation of Koboh began swiftly. Some, however, thought first to defend their work. Despite their efforts, such attempts were ultimately futile.
When the Bedlam Raiders came to Koboh, they squeezed the local economy in the hopes of a quick credit. They thought first to use nekko as pack animals, but found them inefficient next to the retrofitted technology of their new Lucrehulk. It was not in their nature, however, to free their now-redundant beasts.
When the Jedi Council ordered Tanalorr and Koboh abandoned, Dagan Gera could not accept it. Despite Santari's protestations, he defied the council. Two hundred years later, his hatred of the Order reached its conclusion as he bled his lightsaber and swore himself an enemy of the Jedi.
When the Second Sister encounters Cal inside the Vault on Bogano, an unlucky maneuver places her saber in his hands where he witnesses a Force echo of her tragic past. Cal learns Trilla's history as Cere's Padawan, including the disturbing details of her capture and transformation into the Second Sister. The revelation leaves Cal momentarily paralyzed, allowing her to steal the holocron.
When threatened, the lung plant fills its body cavity with air to appear larger. If a slyyyg still tries to graze on its leaves, the lung plant instantly releases the held air to force it back.
When you die you lose all your XP gained since your last Skill Point. 
When you die you lose all your XP gained since your last Skill Point. 
Where maintenance droids saw to the regulation of the factory's systems, lifter droids took on the role of manual laborers, heaving construction materials to wherever they were needed.
Where the B1 Battle Droid may fail, the B2 is almost certain to succeed. With improved strength and a reinforced chassis, 'Super' Battle Droids are an intimidating presence. Armed with dual wrist blasters and rockets, B2 droids were designed during the Clone Wars for a singular purpose: destruction.
Where the B1 and B2 droids were merely foot soldiers to the Separatist army, the BX-series droids served a more specialised purpose: infiltration and elimination. Sturdy, agile and with advanced programming, the vibrosword-armed BX Droid is a much more dangerous adversary than any of its contemporaries.
While Cal squares off against Dagan Gera, Zee manages to free herself. In the aftermath, she realizes that Santari Khri went against the wishes of the Jedi Council and wonders what would have possessed her master to spare Dagan Gera.
While Greez takes a look at the Mantis, Cal takes a well deserved rest.
While charging Focus Attack, the first hit taken will not interrupt the attack
While descending into Kashyyyk's atmosphere, the Mantis crew became embroiled in a skirmish between Imperial forces and freedom fighters. Believing Wookiee Chieftain Tarfful could be among them, Cal jumped ship and hijacked an AT-AT, piloting it right into the infamous insurgent Saw Gerrera! Saw and his fighters were in the middle of a campaign to liberate a nearby wroshyr sap refinery. With the possibility that Tarfful could be one of the Wookiees detained there, Cal and BD-1 agreed to help him.
While easy to outrun, beware of the leaping slam attack they may use from a distance.
While en route to Koboh, Cal tidies up the Mantis.
While en route to rescuing Brother Armias, Cal entered a mysterious, wind-blasted chamber. Within the eye of its howling gale, he experienced a flashback through the Force - one of Cere, warning Cal about pushing himself too hard in his fight against the Empire.| @ | @ Emerging with a newfound clarity, Cal worked with Merrin to retrieve the contact codes during an Imperial assault. Brother Armias, however, did not make it, and so their return to Cere is bittersweet...
While holding an enemy with Pull, press {SpecialAttack} to pull and hold a second target.
While holding {ForceFocus}, press {SpecialAttack} to Lift objects or enemies and {Jump} to Slam them down
While in BD Visor, press {OpenBinoculars} to open BD-Noculars
While it was true that the Empire was closing in on the Tomb of Miktrull, Cal rushed to Zeffo to find himself caught in a trap laid by the Second Sister. She revealed herself to be Trilla, Cere's former Padawan. After a perilous battle, Trilla seemed to get the upper hand on Cal but before she could strike him down, BD-1 intervened - positioning an unbreakable laser field between Trilla and Cal. As Cal escaped into Miktrull's Tomb, he tried to call Cere but was interrupted by Trilla slicing his comm.
While mind-reading, the Ninth Sister is untouchable. Parry her attacks to break her concentration, or survive until the effect wears off.
While mounted, press {Jump} again in midair to perform a super jump
While not very effective, charged Force powers can still interrupt his attacks, return his missiles, or buy time to use a stim.
While riding a Zipline, press {ZiplineChangeDirection} to change directions, {ZiplineBoost} to boost speed and {ZiplineBrake} to brake.
While standing still, tap {Evade} to evade right before an enemy hits you to regain some Force Meter.
While struggling further up the mountain, two prospectors encounter a ravenous mogu that stalks the mists, looking for any morsel that stumbles into its hunting grounds.
While taking refuge from a desert storm in a cave, Cal confesses that he's afraid to abandon his fight against the Empire - and questioned why Merrin left the crew. Merrin explains that, having spent most of her life on Dathomir, she had to leave in order to see the galaxy on her own terms.
While these ruins served primarily as a place of worship, this building appears to have been a center for commerce.
While using the Double-Bladed stance, hold {Parry} right before the first shot to reflect all incoming fire back to the enemy.
Whirlwind Throw
Whirlwind Throw
Whispered Words
Whispers
Whispers of Dagan
Whistling Drop
White
Who Mourns for Taris
Whoever the outsider was, he killed the leader of the Nightbrothers.
Wider
Widest
Wild Creature
Wild Creature
Wilds
Will briefly lower their defense at the end of combo attack.
Will burrow into the ground as a deception before attacking.
Will spontaneously combust in close proximity or upon death.
Wind Chimes
Wind Hewn Cave
Wind Totem
Winding Ravine
Window Mode
Window Resolution
Windowed
Windowed Fullscreen
Windswept
Windswept Ruins
Windy Canyons
Wini
Wini & Zygg
Wini Eres
Wini Eres
Wini and Zygg have decided that with the growing Imperial presence, they must continue their relationship off-planet.
Winning
Winning
Wisdom
Witch
Witches Horn
With Dual Stance equipped, hold {SpecialAttack} to automatically parry most attacks including projectiles. Requires Force.
With Pili recruited, you can unlock Garden plots by growing all different types of plants to full size| @ | @ Once all plots are unlocked, you'll acquire special gardening abilities
With Wini and Zygg now safely back at the cantina, you should check on them when you can.
With a sandstorm preventing the Mantis from landing, Cal heads to meet Cere's contact, who will escort him to the base.
With a subterranean monitoring system, state-of-the-art security for its day, and an observation deck, the control center served as the nerve center of the research and experimentation on Koboh. Its primary purpose, however, was the alignment of the various arrays throughout Koboh and its moon. Upon alignment, the Republic's experimental wave technology was capable of dispelling Koboh matter.
With enough structural damage, BD-1 can override KX series security droids' threat detection protocol.
With one foot in the Coruscant underworld, Utapau senator Daho Sejan is a political actor who seeks favor with the Emperor by any means necessary. Rumors persist of ruthless 'negotiations' aboard Senator Sejan's Sienar Ramsidian class yacht. 
With the Abyss compass in hand, it's time for Cal and the crew to bring it to Master Cordova on Jedha.
Within a control facility at the center of Rambler's Reach, Cal was able to align Koboh's arrays to point at the Abyss. With the last in place, Zee arrived to offer assistance - she would activate the arrays for Cal, and fulfill her former master's dream. | @ | @ Understanding that their journey could be a one-way trip, the crew are nevertheless resolved, steeling themselves for whatever may come. Tanalorr beckons...
Within the abandoned Lucrehulk, Rayvis found himself a dormant army. All he needed to do was reprogram it to serve him.
Within the far side of the Koboh Abyss hides the lush, blue-green world of Tanalorr, obscured from all but the most determined of explorers. Its mystery is what drew the Jedi Order - specifically, Dagan Gera and Santari Khri - to seek it out. However, the temple they erected on its surface was not to last, as the planet was assaulted by mysterious and relentless invaders. Now, abandoned structures nestled amongst wild and verdant climes tell the story of the Order's reach exceeding its grasp.
Within the newly claimed Lucrehulk, Yupah and Rayvis take stock of the army that they have uncovered, and what ends they could achieve with it.
Within the remnants of a Jedi meditation chamber, a group of Jedi sheltered from the falling meteors. Abandoned, injured and trapped, their fate was sealed early, but took time to arrive.
Withstand more damage when blocking with the lightsaber
Wood
Wookiee Culture
Wookiee Home
Wookiee Horn
Wookiee Mourning Ritual
Wookiee Oppression
Wookiee Partisan
Wookiee Revenge
Wookiee Rite of Passage
Wookiee Witness
Wookiee villages once dotted the Shadowlands, peacefully coexisting with the natural environment. Reverence for the wroshyr is an integral part of Wookiee's light-touch architecture.
Wookiee warriors scaled this tree to great heights as a rite of passage.
Wookiees in Hiding
Work with Merrin to defeat Malicos.
Workbench
Workbench
Workbench
Workbenches
Workbenches Unlocked
Worker Rail Route 213
Worlds Away
Worn
Worn Metal
Worshippers of the Wind
Would you like to enable Menu Narration?
Wounded Jedha Pilgrim
Wounded Raider
Wrath
Wrenching Pull
Wrist lasers fire fast, but take time to reload, giving an opportunity to close the distance and strike.
Wrist rockets can be pushed back at them with the Force.
Writer
Wroshyr Forest
Wroshyr Wood
Wrr-wrr!
Wyyyschokk
Wyyyschokk Attack
Wyyyschokk Eggs
Wyyyschokks are highly intelligent, multi-legged predators. They are found to be extremely aggressive to most sentient life forms, and known to cast an adhesive enzyme that incapacitates their prey in a web-like stasis, allowing them to strike with their sharp and venomous fangs. Wisely outsmarting any foe, they often lower quickly from forest canopies, or burrow to the surface from underground cover. If possible, prey should avoid any web strike, but if caught, fight to escape before the wyyyschokk closes in. Their hostility may provide strategic opportunities for a surprise attack from behind. Although capable of quick maneuvering, they occasionally find themselves susceptible to strikes in the head or appendages.
X
Y
Yander
Yavin Prime
Years before they were wiped out, the Nightsisters came together in this area to practice their magick.
Yellow
Yellow gateways lead to unexplored areas.| @ | @ Green elements indicate available pathways while Red elements are currently locked.| @ | @ You can change these colors in the Accessibility settings.
Yes
Yes and Equip
Yolanda
You Died
You are here
You are not eligible to participate in this activity as you do not meet minimum requirements. See ea.com/unable-to-connect for additional information.
You can Force Push their grenades back at them.
You can change BD-1's appearance in the Pause Menu
You can change cosmetic weapon and BD-1 parts on workbenches across the galaxy or on the Mantis.
You can change lightsaber parts on workbenches throughout the galaxy and on the Mantis
You can change the Mantis' appearance in the Pause Menu.
You can change these settings at any time
You can change your outfit's color in the Pause menu.
You can change your poncho in the pause menu.
You can counter attack after evading Trilla's unblockable strike.
You can counter attack after evading Trilla's unblockable strike.
You can counter attack after evading the Second Sister's unblockable strike.
You can now access BD's Holomap at any time.
You can now change your Lightsaber blade color.| @ | @ You can also change Lightsaber components, materials, and wear condition.| @ | @ Additional Lightsaber customizations options can be found throughout the game.
You can now customize BD-1's parts, materials, paint, and condition. | @ | @ Additional BD-1 customization options can be found throughout the game. 
You can now tame beasts| @ Press {ForceFocus} to tame
You can now trade with Sister Taske in Cere's Base on Jedha.
You can unlock additional plots and gardening abilities by growing all of your plants to full size and recruiting a Gardener
You have discovered a Perk.| @ Different types of Perks can be found throughout the game, and can change the way you play significantly.
You have earned XP! Earn enough XP to obtain Skill Points.
You have enough Skill Points to learn new skills! Open the skill tree to use them
You have no seeds in your inventory.
You have not unlocked any Perks.
You have reached the end of your journey.| @ | @ However, the galaxy can be freely explored, and there may yet be secrets left to discover.
You learned Overhead Slash!
You must accept the User Agreement and EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy to play this game.
You must accept the User Agreement to play this game. You understand EA's Privacy & Cookie Policy applies.
You seem to have bypassed certain story elements. Continuing to play from this point may encounter issues. | @ | @ If you choose to proceed anyway, loading any future Saves from the Title Screen will give you the option to reload prior to this point.| @ | @ Reload from last Save point?
You start with three available Perk slots.| @ More slots can be unlocked as you progress.| @ Especially powerful Perks may require multiple slots.
You will not be able to revisit other planets once you begin this chapter of the story.
You've Already Selected This Planet
You've discovered the Rooftop Garden at Pyloon's Saloon, where you can plant seeds discovered on your journey
You've gained a bogling stowaway! Look around the Mantis to catch a glimpse of your new friend
You've returned to your story before the Fortress. Fortress is not replayable, but keep exploring!
Young Cal
Younger Jedi
Youngling
Youngling
Youngling Afraid
Youngling Lost
Youngling Pride
Younglings came here for the sacred rite of the Gathering, a test all Jedi must pass to build their lightsaber.
Your Force Meter is empty. Damage enemies to regain Force
Your Nekko is now stabled. Stabled Nekkos will be available for pickup anytime.
Your Seed Collection
Your Skill Points have been refunded and are ready to be spent again, and all Lightsaber Stances are unlocked
Your block stamina decreases when blocking attacks
Your current objective can always be seen on BD-1's Holomap.
Your first Skill Tree Reset is free.
Your game failed to save. Your progress was not recorded.
Your save file failed to load because of content that has not completed installation.
Your save file has been corrupted. A backup save was found.
Your save file has been corrupted. No backup save was found. Please start a new journey.
Yubnib Zekk and the Main Characters
Yuhong
Yupah
Yuri
Yurt Barracks
Yurts
Z'Gag Wave
Z-N0
ZANARA
ZN-A4
ZN-A4 - "Zee"
ZN-A4's master told her that the 'key to Tanalorr' is in the Forest Array. The tuner Zee gave Cal will open the way.
ZN-A4's master told her that the 'key to Tanalorr' is in the Forest Array. The tuner Zee gave Cal will open the way.
ZN-A4's master told her that the 'key to Tanalorr' is in the Forest Array. The tuner Zee gave Cal will open the way.
Zappa (temp)
Zaur
Zaur thrive in rocky, windy habitats where their low stance and adhesive grip provide fast and agile traversal over multiple surfaces, like cavern walls. Highly sensitive to climate, they function slower in warmer temperatures than colder ones. 
Zee
Zee
Zee
Zee has taken up residence in Pyloon's Saloon. If you find any High Republic curiosities on your travels, she will be most interested to see them.
Zee is a droid from the High Republic era, tasked by Jedi Master Santari Khri to recover the key to Tanalorr. She immediately takes to Cal, although she questions his unconventional attire.
Zee volunteers to help the Mantis crew as they prepare to enter the Koboh Abyss. In doing so, she completes the two-hundred year old task given to her by Master Khri.
Zee's Datadisc Decryption
Zee's Datadisc Decryption
Zee's Shop Unlocked
Zee's been droidnapped! Cal and Bode decide to launch a rescue mission that will take them into the heart of the Bedlam Raider base. 
Zee's been droidnapped! Cal and Bode decide to launch a rescue mission that will take them into the heart of the Bedlam Raider base. 
Zee's been droidnapped! Cal and Bode decide to launch a rescue mission that will take them into the heart of the Bedlam Raider base. 
Zee's shop in the upper floor of Pyloon's Saloon is now accessible.| @ | @ High Republic Datadiscs found across the galaxy can be spent here.
Zeffo
Zeffo
Zeffo
Zeffo
Zeffo Acolyte
Zeffo Colony
Zeffo Culture
Zeffo Laborer
Zeffo Rituals
Zeffo Sage
Zeffo Soldier Remains
Zeffo meditation relic. Used in ancient rituals to train Force users.
Zeffonian Alloy
Zeffonian cranium
Zeik
Zipline
Zipline
Zipline (Disconnected)
Zipline Boost
Zipline Brake
Zipline Change Direction
Zodiac Drifter
Zoom
Zoom
Zygg
Zygg Soza
Zygg Soza
Zygg Soza is not somebody who can say no to a little mechanical tinkering. As such, she has found herself repairing things that she most likely should not - such as old Separatist battle droids.
Zygg is a mechanic and gearhead who has lived in small frontier communities her entire life. She has a heart of gold and is always helping folks in need without an eye towards personal gain.
cannot be unbound from {InputAction}
hours
m
minutes
polski
seconds
to adjust the corner arrows to fit the inside edge of your screen
unbound from {InputAction}
unbound from {InputAction} and {InputAction2}
{CallMount} Press to tame the relter.
{Dismount} Drop down
{Dismount} Drop from climb
{Dismount} Let go of the relter
{DiveUpward} Hold to swim to the surface
{DroidConfirm} Press to tell BD-1 to disable the barge
{DroidConfirm} when BD-1 is near Overcharge panels to turn certain machines on and off
{DynamicHeader} Acquired
{DynamicHeader} Found
{DynamicHeader} Recruited
{Evade} Increases Force recovery when performing a successful Precision Evade.
{Evade} and {Evade} Double tap to roll.
{ForceFocus} and {Summon} Ask Merrin to attack a targeted enemy when the companion combat meter is full
{ForcePull} Pull
{ForcePull} Use the Force on highlighted objects.
{ForcePush} Push can be used to move stray objects.
{ForcePush} Push held objects towards targets
{ForcePush} Push to temporarily expand vision
{ForcePush} Push.
{ForcePush} Tap to Push single enemies, and hold to Push groups
{ForcePush} Use the Force on highlighted objects
{Heal} Ask BD-1 for a stim.  BD-1 refills stim canisters when Cal meditates
{Heal} Heal
{Jump} Hold to ascend faster.
{Jump} Jump from Airspeeder
{Jump} Jump off to dismount
{Jump} Jump to attach to the Ceiling Climb
{Jump} Jump to the pole to swing.
{Jump} Jump towards marked walls to perform a Wall Jump.
{Jump} Pull up
{MeleeAttack} Attack with lightsaber
{MoveLeftAnalogX} Hold after grabbing a beam then jump to launch forward.
{MoveLeftAnalogX} Press forward to swing on loose ropes.
{MoveLeftAnalogX} Steer the Airspeeder
{NavCancel} Drop down
{Parry} Parry stronger enemies multiple times to stagger them
{SpecialAttack} Aerial Assault does more damage and staggers enemies hit by it.
{SpecialAttack} Charge shot now hits nearby enemies around the target
{SpecialAttack} Hold to charge shot
{SpecialAttack} Increased shockwave range.
{SpecialAttack} Press to pat mount
{SpecialAttack} Press to use the Force Attack
{Sprint} Sprint.
{Sprint} Toggle sprint
{Start} Change Difficulty at any time in Settings: Gameplay
{Start} Photo Mode can be enabled in the Settings Menu
{Super_Keyboard} Further increase the duration of Slow's effect on enemies.
{Super_Keyboard} Increase the duration of Slow's effect on enemies.
{Super_Keyboard} Press to have Cal embrace his darkness
{Super_Keyboard} The first strike against enemies affected by Slow will not break the Slow effect.
{Super_Left} and {Super_Right}
{SwimBoost} Swim boost.
{TameOrTrick} Hold to begin Tame
{TameOrTrick} Press to request a ride.
{ToggleMap} By hovering on a Beacon you can open its location in the Holomap
{ToggleMap} Press to open the map and check your objective
{UI_Accept} Cal hasn't learned how to Beast Tame mogu.
{UI_Accept} Hold to Learn Power Thrust.
{UI_Accept} Select the Lightsaber Category.
{UI_OpenMenu} Flight controls can be inverted in the Settings Menu, under Control Settings
{catname} Material
{d}%
{d}%
{d}%
{d}%
{percentage}% Explored
{type}: {title}
{x} Skills Ready
{x}/{y} Bounties Defeated
{x}/{y} Collectibles
{x}/{y} Fish discovered
{x}/{y} Holotactics Scans Unlocked
{x}/{y} Minerals Found
{x}/{y} Pucks Found
{x}/{y} Scrolls Found
{x}/{y} Seed Pods Collected
{x}/{y} Sticks Found
{x}/{y} Tracks Found
{zTarget} Target an enemy.
{zTarget} Target an enemy.
{zTarget} Toggle Target Lock-On